Bichette 4 3 2 1
POW Luis Gomez we are live
we are live connected through the
interwebs and through a network of
comedians Luis Gomez Gosha Gomez was
Jacob asked what why do you why do you
like the J cuz go Google Luis Gomez and
watch how many baseball players fucking
just that's a problem makin people use
the J it's very pretentious for going
yeah I agree
no it is I understand have to but it's
almost like woman it's almost ironic
because I'm such a piece of garbage so I
would have liked a middle initial like
I'm right like you're like a luminary
yeah some important some important
intellectual yeah it is but yeah it just
it separates me as well but I almost
feel like I've made a joke at this point
they're correct everyone that doesn't
say the J I so if I didn't correct you
oh I see
I wouldn't be being true to myself I
understand so Louis J Gomez thank you I
feel like you know I've talked about
this ad nauseam on the podcast but it
thinks it's one of the most unique times
for like networks of comedians that
we're all connected together in a way
that we wouldn't we weren't really
before it was always like East Coast
versus West Coast for some stupid
fucking reason there was always this
debate where the best comics are from
and the style of comedy but that shit
seems to be out the window the internet
yeah the best comic side Nate bargatze
lives in fucking Tennessee who's that
he's a great comic City clean squeaky
clean my son's Godfather just did enough
look special how do you spells last name
VAR GA t ze brilliant comic and a tz8
he's but he grew up in Tennessee and he
was like dude I don't wanna live in New
York or LA good for an hour big house
for $300,000 a fucking mansion get ready
for the zombies yes yeah zombies you
want to live in that house like that old
dude and his daughter did yeah
gonna live out there and have a fucking
perimeter protected yeah Kazakhstan hope
he hasn't been in LA he's been a busy
for 12 years now that psychopath yeah
r.i.p to Stanhope's dogs no birdies dog
yesterday did a big thing on social
media about it very touching very
touching they had to put their dog
said I went through that last year with
two dogs they're both couldn't walk
anymore I mean I I held on as long as
that cabin dice I had to carry my dog in
and out of the house I had to carry him
to eat I'd carry him outside he's 140
pounds right it was just I couldn't walk
his old man with a lot of leg locks I
feel like the dog should have some good
defense
I want to protect my fuckin house no
just big dog that it's really old who's
13 which is super old for a mastiff oh
yeah there's a huge dog really old firm
he said what's called a Regency Mastiff
which is he was a part Neapolitan
Mastiff and part pitbull with a guy who
my friend Joe who raised him and bred
them he bred out all of the animal
aggression so he wouldn't let any dogs
breed if they were aggressive towards
people or they're aggressive towards
other dogs so what you get is this super
chill massive dog oh wow yeah who's
athletic it's like they were small for
like a mastiff is like they can go like
200 plus pounds but those dogs are not
very athletic they don't move very good
right this one was it mixed so and it's
very like 140 they're like a fucking
running back
I got a kid so I have I have a hard time
bringing beasts into my home that can
kill yeah a child very why's it so even
you endless sad and I might want to use
anti pitbull people but I do understand
when you see you know you see
irresponsible owners it's not the dog
you have an asshole some fucking kid who
doesn't know how to train a pit bull the
proper way in animal that can literally
kill somebody
mm-hmm um and you you know you see them
you know the mall children and they you
know and it's a sad there's such a sad
thing so I get terrified anytime I see
my dog my kid I walk through streets of
New York City with him I look at Harlem
so it's you know every other block is
like the hood and then it's nice and
then it's the hood and work is so weird
like yeah do that yeah it's you know
what's it's definitely called
gentrification right sort of I mean I
guess this is more of racially they're
talking with gentrification sort of a I
think it's like a class thing because I
grew up in a really shitty I grew up in
the suburbs but very poor welfare
section eight
and kids in the city though when they
grow up or they're like on the next
block there's like a millionaire right
or there on the subway and there's some
fucking dude is gonna Wall Street and
you know he's he they're just constantly
around an energy of success which is a
very different thing when you go to the
suburbs or like rural areas it's a
depressing
nobody's striving to even get out really
right no that's a very good point right
like you get to be truly integrated in
New York City which where LA is missing
that L is missing out in a big way la
you have retrieval and poor people you
know they're separated by cars yeah
they're separated by neighborhoods you
can't hang out what you have to be in
that social circle you have to because
people always debate like always kahu's
got hotter chicks in New York or LA and
the answer is LA but in New York you're
gonna see them in New York like he
walked down the street me and Ari did he
does a podcast every year called happy
booby day and we did it last year
collegian askance and all it is happy
booby day it's today to be honest with
you it's the FIR it's the the first like
days of spring usually end of March
beginning of April it's the first day
that girls were like miniskirts out and
their tits are just hanging out and we
literally just walk through the streets
following hot chicks comment it was the
most I mean you literally I don't even
know I don't even know how we have
careers at all like is we did this a
year ago this isn't fucking 20 years ago
but yeah you but you get to see them get
to interact with them in LA you're not
interacting with a crazy hot model
unless you know the right people you'd
have to be standing somewhere where they
go alright cuz like in LA if you wanted
to meet you'd have to run a casting
agency that's why those guys started
that shake how many people went into the
business just so the meat girls just get
pussy like thirty percent of them that
whole motley crew movie they said
they're unapologetic about that they're
unapologetic they're like yeah we did
this Mick Mars was like if it wasn't for
group he's in a real interview if it
wasn't for groupies I wouldn't even
become a musician yeah I mean people
would criticize that like oh so gross
there should be real artists that is a
crazy life you do not understand no one
understands I don't understand there's
no fucking like we had David Lee Roth in
here Coco there's no fucking way any of
us will ever understand what it was like
to be David Lee Roth it is not human
possible yeah he is not pot and to be to
come out the other end is fucking cool
as that guy is like how the hell did
that happen did not be I feel like I'm
dying and I don't party at all really
like I drink a little bit and I feel
like every day I'm like is that my liver
I don't even know my levers on my body I
swear to god I couldn't point to my
liver on my bouquet if you're standing
on Orthodox dance and someone hits you
with a left hook to the body that's
where your liver is that's why guys drop
right here yep it's right under your
ribs okay so when you punch somebody in
the liver you're in a lot of guys
mistakenly go below the ribs yeah you'd
want to go right where the floating ribs
or the red bounces into the yeah if you
watched like Shannon the cannon Briggs
shout out to the champ oh look at David
Ruffin that picture huh oh come on man
nobody lives like that that guy was on
top of the goddamn world he was built
like a Greek god he could do the full
splits who do fucking wheel kicks on
stage he shit unapologetic the level of
sex this guy must have had my god off
the chart oh my god it to be honest with
you when I saw a comedy hit him
I sorted comedy wanting idolizing guys
like that I grew up on a tease medal so
I I sort comedy 15 years ago it was
literally a different time like you
didn't really have to shy away from
being like yeah I want to fuck after a
show that wasn't a crazy thought no well
you'll still want to do it but now it's
just why yeah yeah hey go to go to
Shannon the cannon Briggs page his
Instagram page there's something very
funny that Tucker Carlson said I know
people like oh my god don't even quote
him he said something very felonious yet
he says I'm very funny about some other
news anchor that this is all the men
that are gonna be left if radical
feminists take over the world
apologetic yeah this spectacle I forget
what the way he phrased it was very
funny I was like there's a lot of
fucking people like that a lot of guys
like that out there and it's they don't
want to be that guy they're stuck that's
all they can pull off well they're doing
probably the smarter move because we're
we're going down
to where I don't think they're saying oh
the pendulum will swing back and we're
gonna eventually be able to celebrate
rape culture again and it's never gonna
happen
okay we are going down a path where you
know on television and their
entertainment you see what's being
booked you see what's being pushed out
there and look it despite the fact that
there's a political message and
everything there's still some good shit
out there sound like there's some great
shit you know that's one of the reasons
why I posted a Tim Dylan video yesterday
yeah the other that sham the canon one
there's one where he's he hits his dude
like it's one of his more recent fight
clips that he put up the fight starts it
goes like 10 seconds and he steps
towards this dude and hits him with a
left hook to the body and crumple zone
and I just want to show he's like a
master at the liver shot a liver shot
he's one of the best heavyweights of all
time when it comes to liver shots he was
so good at it if you would have said
pointer watch this watch this
this is Shannon cannon watch look watch
this liver bang that's it see he goes to
the body and then down to the gut he'll
pop you with the jab pop you with the
hook upstairs watch this look at this
see this is they're just shown it boom
watch the left hook pop what's this
upstairs boom and then downstairs that's
one of them but that's not the one we
stopped - dude he just came jumping out
of the gate but there's another one I
think a little bit further back than
that he looks like he hits so hard he
hit so hard oh my god just in general
like you know and you know we obviously
both watch a lot and I don't really
watch boxing but now that I'm a pretty
big MMA fan i watch boxing in a
different the way they punch it looks so
devastating oh for sure so I remember
one time we did a street promotion I was
just running Street teams in New York
City for comedy clubs like even before I
started comedy and we did a thing where
we got like boxing gloves and headgear
and we went out and we're challenging
people to come in and just box and if
they could beat me in a boxing match -
I've never fucking training the day in
my life
but if they could just simply beat me in
a boxing match they got free tickets to
the show that night and was just a way
to generate a crowd of my street team
guys were selling tickets to people
trying to go to a dumb comedy show do
you think it helped your act at all like
I was even doing comedy at that we had
punched I watched this guy see that left
to the body see how it digs that watch
that one more time well watch how he
sets it up he jabs to the head and then
when you cover upstairs oh look at that
boom he hits through the left hook to
the face but it's a quick left hook to
set up the left hook to the body by the
way he's 50 yeah I see his beard he's a
fucking animal
nobody wants to fight him but I think
there's also a trt issue but nobody
wants to fight him right now here's a
hard time getting fights well that's his
chin bro leave his cello don't make fun
of facial hair the guy just got fucked
up by the cannon let's go champ
if you go to his Instagram page it's all
let's go champ
let's go Chet it's very inspiring that
yeah like if I want to feel good I go to
sharing the cannons Instagram pitch is
that where you go yeah it makes me feel
good it's all positive it's like let's
go champ
it is like you got to drink more water
champ you got to eat healthy champ here
it is
it's the champ had him on the show once
we had him call in I think this thing
knows him pretty well you got to be
there with him live yeah he's all
personality yeah he's a battery of like
santa claus let's get some serious white
and that beard oh yeah I think he's
still trying to fight he had some sort
of a trt issue no testosterone
replacement they should make a separate
league where you just let the guys yeah
steroids into your team who cares
especially older guys yeah Vitor Belfort
is now go into one FC Ghana and looks
good again looking sexy we're all filled
out yeah he got fucked oh yeah that dude
he fought Timothy Dukan Nass Dukan I
think is his last name their guy's a
beast that one Fc show was legit yeah if
you watched it I've watched just
highlights I don't have time to watch
all the UFC fights and then this time so
it's hard to come to watch the other
cards as well but once in a while
watching Bellator I'll watch one Fc yeah
we'll do that I owe my god his eyes
locked up oh my god that's terrible
that's a terrible injury yeah that looks
like it split his eyelid did oh my god
Jesus Christ it split his fucking eyelid
dude oh my god
people people don't realize like that
side of it like I mean that's fucking
well touch your face I mean you had a
little bit of an mm
fight you know what it's like not really
yeah yeah you did lose a fight that's
another comedian he beat a comedian up
I'm very impressive but hey it was he
had a Taekwondo held four times you take
that back you know people forget how to
do shit man if you all bullshit aside
but they also gave out a lot of talk
mondo black belts they're 100% because
it's part of the business if you're not
giving your belts out Howard you're not
going to get people to come back dude I
know a lot of people that were like my
son's nine years old we just got his
black belt oh and like oh what are you
even saying I will beat the shit out of
that kid it's right now well that's the
problem we give another 9 year olds will
most there's an actual tough athletic
kid who mean kid who's not afraid of
getting it that's a dinner between kids
who like will do you know karate and
kick a ball there's also the kids that
are just from the hood that have been
being punched in the face by their
uncles and fathers since they were a
baby and they are just ready to fight
and they're yeah being hit to them it's
like you get desensitized so if you do
any sort of training or or if you have a
really tough environment you actually
get to sense s2 and you realize after
being hit a few times that once the
adrenaline kicks in it doesn't really
hurt you know it hurts after the fact
but so I think you have those kids that
will just I mean wreck their shit just a
little nine-year-old from the hood
that's your tough kid kids that grow up
around violence if you get in street
fights all the time if you run other
kids get in street fights people show
you how to do things you learn things
there's a lot of kids that are 10 11
years old that live in poor
neighborhoods whether it's South Boston
or you know South Side Chicago whatever
in any dangerous neighborhood that's
like filled with poverty those kids will
be more apt to succeed in fights yeah
they understand how to fight pull the
trigger they're not could be that's
really the thing you know they have to
pull the trigger because people who
pulled the trigger on them or it's like
there's a lot of people that talk a lot
of shit but they never really pull the
true see those guys yes I say pull the
trigger obviously I need mean punch
someone I don't mean I thought you said
Chicago's yes it's like especially after
that Nipsey Hussle guy got killed that's
crazy that's so sad yeah on video too
they have the
no I'm at a hip-hop fan at all but
apparently was very positive like anti
violence like it wasn't like you know
thuggy rapper that was promoting you
know drug dealing and gang violence
which I don't really know if even people
do that as much anymore
I don't know but by all accounts this
guy was loved and uh you know he just
it's just beyond fucked huh just like
that that that is still going on in this
world it was if I'm not mistaken he got
into a fight with a guy right and the
guy came back with a gun don't know and
shot him that's what I read I think it
was like a sometimes like those lines
something along those lines because the
this when you hear a better hip-hop
artist gunned down you're like aw is
this some long-standing beef and you
know you know who knows but I think it
was literally a fight that these guys
got and the guy came back with a gun and
just fucking started unloading which is
it's brutal that's literally how my
father died literally well except with
it was it with a knife which is a much
more hardcore way to go but my dad was
that side of shrimp club at four o'clock
in the morning got into an argument with
a kid you know like a 16 year old kid
and they got to a fistfight you know the
kid came back like an hour later with
the kitchen knife and stabbed him that's
that and it's like God it also takes a
different type of person to you know to
kill I'm mama I'm up a kid in the hood
who's just ready to pull the trigger and
punch somebody like I'm not I grew up in
a where where where it's like I was
taught while you wait till they throw
the first punch which is a terrible
strategy but the that's sort of the way
that I always it was always like
fistfights in the parking lot with your
friends you weren't trying to really
hurt each other it was you got into an
argument over a video game you went out
back in the parking lot and you beat
each other up for two minutes and then
that was that but guys that are you know
willing to kill somebody over whatever
just an argument to take their life
completely without any you see they lose
sense of the repercussions of it as well
which is sort of like that's something
that I think would separate most people
and go like are well I don't wanna go to
jail there's cameras I think a giant
chunk of it is how the
but like what experiences they have
growing up like what happens them are
they abused are they beaten are they
around a lot of violence yeah what are
they exposed to and then how much more
likely are you to commit that yeah to
push that on to the next person
that's really what it is I mean that's
the vast majority I mean it's not a it's
not a shocker that so much violent crime
comes from poor neighborhoods it's it's
like it makes itself it makes itself of
course it's almost like a virus I agree
and I I you know I grew up my mom was
extremely abusive you know and I grew up
with a low around a ton of violence a
ton of physical and emotional abuse
verbal abuse always the threat of
violence at the drop of a hat it was it
was always immediately - I'll beat the
shit out of you if you don't do what I
say even if she wasn't being violent and
I did I got the opposite to it I I you
know with my son dude literally my son
I've never even spanked him I've never
smacked him on the hand I've never I've
never even really yelled at my son um
and I don't think that I got lucky and
have a good kid I do have a could grab a
great kid but I think it's a direct rule
you know
correlation to me not being aggressive
with him at all right yeah and I talk
the talking is huge right have little
conversations with them don't just tell
them what to do why yeah and the why if
they don't understand why you know
that's just in general in life people
just in general if they understand why
something there's a real purpose there
and then they do what they're doing you
know with that purpose in mind yeah and
I think little kids they're you know
they're so malleable and sometimes it's
annoying for them to ask why two or
three times and it's easy to lose your
patience but what you realize what
you're you know that's you know I'm a
piece of shit I'll admit I'm the first
one to admit it but the only good thing
I do I think is the fact that I'm
creating this good little person he's a
really good sweet person that I think is
gonna be you know all the shit that I
didn't really have or you know all the
good qualities that I think I you know I
could have maybe had if I was raised the
right way I'm trying to give my son and
I think that's a really big
responsibility and that's why you know
you I feel bad when you see like real
violence like that like fucking people
that are like being really you like dude
I know that person experienced some
crazy shit on
and it's not their fault in a weird way
and it's definitely not you know I never
lived in the worst neighborhood in the
world but I lived in a shady one for
quite a bit we lived in this place
called Jamaica Plain outside of Boston
for about a year my parents knew
immediately we had to get the fuck out
of there
we only I think we stayed maybe a year a
little over a year and we got out of
there as quick as we can but there was
like a lot of break-in and slaughter it
was lower income it wasn't terrible it
wasn't like a gang violence shoot-'em-up
type shit but there was a lot of
criminals yeah a lot of shady shit shit
poverty does you know happen it doesn't
have to be like gangs just shitty do
poverty makes people do crazy shit it
does and it makes I was never around
kids that were that aggressive like kids
were always trying to fight me and I
just moved there we just moved there
from Florida and I was like fuck I gotta
get out of here and that's what led me
to martial art how are you 13 okay you
know teenage boy almost a man you're
going through puberty at this point yeah
it's a scary time and there was all
these kids that were just they were so
did already fucked they're already doing
drugs they're he's just like a plain
low-income white right and Puerto Rican
like but mostly that mostly white and
Puerto Rican it was a lot of it just a
lot of cigarette smokers at 13 kids were
smoking cigarettes already they were
drinking all the time isolated among
cigarettes for her when I was with hands
that crazy I swear to God like Greg
Fitzsimmons lived in a house with two
parents that were chain smokers in an
apartment and they never opened the
windows in the winter are you crazy my
mom never think there's no sense my mom
smoked through her entire pregnancy with
me dawg yeah I mean they don't look once
again she doesn't know kind of nothing
they knew they'd sort of new jewelry was
out on smoking while you were pregnant I
think in 82 when I was born oh yeah for
82 I'm 67 you your mama zero excuses my
mom was in the 60s the 60s it was like
you had to read a book 20 you know yeah
my mom my mom was 20 like that is crying
Majan that how old were you when you
first go crazy 40
you're four that's fuck that's so
perfect you know such a perfect I was
thirty we
fuck it's too young and I think my mom
was 18 when she had my sister yeah it's
just just the act of weather no wonder
when you start it with if you started at
20 if we started at 40 the act of
raising another human being it just
changes who the fuck you are it just
does yeah like everything switches and
gets weird and then you're like oh I'm
responsible for shaping your life and
Italy's helping to shape your life and
if I do a good job you'll be a good
person you'll go out there and you'll
make more good people and you'll meet
good people which is really what
everybody wants at the end of the day
everybody wants camaraderie and love and
friendship that's why like what's the
worst shit that can happen today you get
cancelled everybody wants to cancel
people yeah you're out get out of here
done it's over there's a weird strange
it's also like I want you to not be able
to make money but it's not I want you to
starve or go home be homeless I don't
really understand it's a specific it's
not specific in terms like they don't
want you to be able to make an income
they want to hurt you that's what it is
because they're scared of someone doing
it to them this is the big part of why
people pull the trigger on that stuff
well think I just the people are calling
for people to get cancelled for like
nothing like little tiny things never
again it's because they're scared of it
actually happening so this is like you
have this ultimate power to just like
get upset at someone for virtually
anything pick it pick a cause you know
whatever it is it's also it's it's sort
of intoxicating and it's fun and most
people don't have real opinions on
anything and then you have this this you
know on Facebook or Twitter or whatever
social media platform you have an
immediate gratification of mine I just
got 20 likes on a thought of mine yeah
that's addictive as fuck but super
addictive you know that that right there
well you know I understand why people
continue to come back and then nobody
really cares as soon as you put your
computer down or your phone down nobody
gives a fuck about any of these issues
at the supermarket or the bowling alley
or the library if that's not what's
important
with what's important is the Internet is
essentially the whole war
is a big window and everyone has a rock
just look at it throw rocks yeah and if
you find a thing to throw a rock about
whether it's a throw rock about politics
or gender or race or social justice or
you know what fill in the blank the
environment you know the saving the
animals everyone's throwing rocks you
know and very few people are actually
communicating it's a strange time well
you would think that you would want in
an ideal world you would want people
that have differing ideas to come
together sit down have an honest
conversation yes and go awesome dude go
live your life I'll live my life I
learned a little bit just now yeah and
then you go off and you go yeah that
that's how you learn from different
cultures that's how we you know
ultimately got to a place you know I
think that I I think it's a great
country I in a weird way I think it's
I'm proud to be an American you know I'm
proud um you know I don't think all the
things that people think that are awful
about this country are necessarily awful
um you know I think the opportunity to
make money I did grow up on wealth and I
grew up poor and you know I you know I'm
you know for all intents and purposes
I'm living my dream right now and I get
to kind of do what I want to do and I
look at that and I say yes because I
live in a place where that opportunity's
there of course
look America is amazing it doesn't mean
it's perfect not certainly it gives you
more opportunity than anywhere that I've
ever heard of and it's a fun place man I
like it here yeah fucking country is fun
but there's definitely some fucked up
aspects of it the fact that we're a
country this is the the big one is
immigration to me because immigration to
me when people take a hard line one way
or the other I'm always like hmm man
this is a weird one immigration is a
weird one you don't want to diminish the
quality of life for everyone in the
country but you don't want to not let
people in because that's what the
country is based on and we see these
fenced in people and where's it is it El
Paso there was something that they had
on the news or they showed all these
people fenced in and what looks like a
dog kennel and these these people that
snuck across the border and they
captured them something put them in this
fucking outdoor fenced in cage like dude
we don't even do that to violent murder
yeah you have a violent murderer who's
due process well not just due process
you put him in a prison man right like
they don't have the facilities to do
what they're doing right and then people
like will this shouldn't be coming
across the border like I guess so but
wouldn't you I'm also like wouldn't you
who cares like I I understand yes there
is sort of uh but anybody who is up in
arms about immigrants coming into this
country most of the time they're also on
one side of the political spectrum on
every other issue it's not like it's an
independent thought it's like they and
everybody that's on both sides you know
and you know I just sort of I'm in a I
have my own personal life philosophy
where I'm not gonna solve the
immigration issue and to be honest as
we're talking about I'm going I don't
know I I have no idea what the answer is
here people are obsessed with being
right people always want to have an
answer I don't fucking know but I do
know that I have things in my life that
you know I can fix I know there are you
know the things about my personality and
things about me in my own you know my
own issues that I need to fix so I'll
sort of start there you know and I think
more people need to kind of you know
before they start espousing opinions
look at themselves and figure out why
they're coming up with these opinions
that were saying yeah just sort of um is
like it pulls on your humanity you see a
bunch of people caged in with their
children and in some fenced in area that
literally looks like a dog kennel yeah
this is crazy
well my thing I don't care about that I
just I I don't care about people coming
in the country and going in these
imaginary lines I you know it's just
sort of like yeah I think it's I I think
as a human being is hard to see that and
I look away from shit like that a lot
you know I don't look III don't like
looking at videos like that I don't like
watching sad things I don't watch any
gore shit I didn't watch the the video
of the dude that moved down those people
in New Zealand you know yeah it is a sad
thing and I really don't know the
solution look at this shit it says they
treated us like we are animals holding
pen for migrant families and El Paso
shut down shut down overnight I guess
okay because people found out about it
it's crazy
look at that that's that's a dog kennel
it means people just sitting around
waiting for what I mean that if that was
murderers they wouldn't do so let's say
you're the guy in charge though
what do you do what would you I mean me
I was a good question don't go let it
men but I don't know if that's the right
answer I don't know if it's the answer
to either but I guarantee you all of our
your relatives came from another country
my relatives all came from another
country they I'm third-generation they
knew that Europe sucked
they knew that Italy sucked and so
they're like look I mean no disrespect
Italy but they decided I gotta get the
fuck out of here and they got on a boat
all of them grandparents on both sides
they both came over here when they were
kids is Italy suck seems awesome
everything I've seen about it grateful
well the food is fantastic
when I talked to a guy there those
trying to get an understanding cuz he
wanted his kids to go to college in
America anybody was basically saying was
there was just not enough opportunity
and in Italy and that he wanted his son
to have more opportunity and so he's
driving a cab actually they all speak
two languages they all speak perfect
English like a good percentage of it
yeah they're you know it's a smart place
a lot of in the art is insane when
you're when you're going through Rome
and you go through the Vatican and you
see there billions of dollars literally
billions of dollars in artwork you're
like holy shit this is what a crazy
culture yeah this culture all they
wanted to do was create beautiful
architecture create beautiful art make
wine made great food have sex fuck like
crazy and kind of take over the world I
mean they took over the world for a
long-ass time no problem Italy it sounds
great Aryan people yeah but you know
today there's not much opportunity if
you want to drive a cab make some tomato
sauce dude I was driving with this cab
driver with my kids in the car and this
guy slowed down and check out this
chick's ass and yelled out the window at
her fucking savages man they're eight
people My Ancestors I'm allowed to say
it I hate folk nice I used to love cat
calling in a funny way though it's not
guy it's wrong I will preface this by
saying it's wrong but and as as an adult
is a 37 year old man who has a
six-year-old boy who will probably watch
this one day I'll say don't do that
don't do what daddy says do as I say not
as I do exactly but I will say it was
sort of like a funny thing we would just
we just cat call checks and a funny way
dude almost like a mocking guys who
can't call however from the girl's
perspective
she's just being catcalled yeah the
girls don't like it unless they really
like it
well depends if it could be freaks but
it's never worth the risk
one out of ten may might like it I had
talked about this in my special but if
you go Colorado fucking Puerto Rican
chick or a black chick they want it they
like it
I'm making a generalization different
culture but I'm telling you right now
it's how it's a different level communit
I'm telling you go watch in Harlem or
you go to Brooklyn just watch a gomez
defends catcalling
live on the JRE my brand-new special
Diego Miss Prince Lucia go here it's out
right now yeah just came out Amazon it's
out everywhere it's out on iTunes itunes
what is it again Louis J Gomez presents
Louis Louis J go and whether you get a
Dominican pitcher yeah Miami
Louis Gomez breathless Gomez a
completely different thing yeah that's a
poor fisherman um what were just talking
about we smoke too much pot before the
show would what's a cat calling Oh have
you ever had a gay guy try to fuck you
yeah are you kidding right how about a
big strong one that could kick your ass
like a gay guy that looks like Deontay
Wilder not I thought could kick my ass
but I understand the point that you're
making
yeah if you had a gay guy that you know
could kick your ass that's what it's
like to be a check mm-hmm that's so it's
like I get I go to a high-end gym
high-end meaning gay meaning yet like
you guys Equinox it's a gay guys love
Equinox and I love the gym was actually
my last day job I worked doing sales
there and I saw the infrastructure of
the company I know they're very you know
it's about customer service and I really
like that right are you selling it right
now you're selling when I'm selling
memberships guys so hurry up selling but
it's great a Salesman mode I really I'm
dying my cells been through and through
but I go there now in the steam room I
mean and I and I mean this I would say
one out of eight times that I go in the
steam room a man will do what it almost
like a presenting type thing where he's
trying to fish for me to suck his dick
you know like I guess the the famous
story was like sort of tapping the foot
under the stall but it's not that they
opened their towel and the kind of
like make eye contact with you and Jesus
but they do it in a way where you can't
call them on their shit because you
can't because then you look like a
fucking big homophobic sorry so yeah
probably outnumber you what the gay guys
yeah yeah probably yeah but it happens
it happens a lot
I've gotten multiple free months there
because I complain about it wow that's a
good move it's like dropping hair in
your own food yeah what I just saw this
is reminding me of a video I just saw
this is pretty I don't know if you've
seen this video what is this like
ringing a bell it's only like 20 seconds
it says man catches guy looking in a
bathroom stall he's got his video camera
it's just pointing at the floor right
now okay just lying on his boner he's
just lying on the floor guys enjoy than
that that's a guy looking to see people
shit yeah look didn't suck some cock
that happened to me at the gym in
between the the shower stalls the guy's
face was peeking through and yeah it's
uh and I in a weird way because here's
the thing you can't you can't just start
beating somebody up for that right you
can't just so you can't even threaten
violence for it it's a weird thing you
feel very defenseless and I understand
it's the first time I truly was like oh
I kind of get what women are talking
about because I you feel like violated
and you can't really do much I've had it
happen and I could beat the guy up you
know I have had it happen where it was a
guy that was not physically a threat to
me and it still made me super
uncomfortable and I felt really weak I
felt like because we feel like it's also
vulnerable committing a hate crime if
you beat this guy up before being gay no
it wasn't it wasn't just how aggressive
was a super aggressive like touching me
putting his hands on my shoulders tell
him he's gonna take me up to his room
I'm like you better get your fucking
hands off Wow I was like this is getting
you love a different life than me I just
feel I feel like a princess time ago I
feel like just to put why I feel like
the belle of the ball for one day
it was um it was disconcerting but again
I wasn't physically vulnerable like I
could decide that I just wanted to choke
this guy unconscious and I could just do
that you could choke most guys
unconscious but this guy was not like
there was no no guessing you don't
saying he was not a specimen he was a
scrawny dude right it was just a an
aggressive gay guy it's like you go to
prison and you know yeah exactly that's
my point if the roles were reversed if
it was me aggressively coming on to this
guy never worked out a day in his life
it would be terrifying he would just
have to take it he'd have to take well
that's what I when I was training for
that MMA fight against the comedian I
trained with Bisping twice and I grapple
with this being a best man is not even
known for his jiu-jitsu of course he is
he's got very good wrap up he know his
guard his defensive guards one of the
best in MMA
very rarely do people pass his guard
when he's on the ground he's excellent
but primarily you know he's known as a
striker yeah I merrily primarily duh I
can't explain to you it was like I felt
like a lion was just toying with me it
it was and it was it was a strange thing
because I'd never in my life cuz you
obviously you know an MMA fighter can
beat you up you know a professional
mixed martial artists can beat you up
but I don't think people realize how
badly and how big of the gap it is
because it's not it's but they don't
know Joe you know people have no fucking
clue until you do it I had no idea until
this is last summer and I judge and he
was fucking around with me for a second
you know it was terrifying and I feel
like less of a man I can't look at my
son in the eyes it's the same way that I
used to be able to I I don't fuck right
you know what I'm like oh come on you'll
be all right you know what it's like
it's like do you know how people see
someone do stand-up and they think I
could fuck could do that everyone that's
how we all started right but because
you're just talking you guys just
talking yeah that's what fighting it's
like it's like you look at a guy like
Bisping and you know he's like a normal
guy he's obviously very athletic and
he's big and everything like that but
he's he's not Shaquille O'Neal he's like
some 7-foot Samson specimen he's
regular-sized human see like well he's
moving like a regular human I could do
that but you have no idea it is noisy
you're beyond helpless you have no idea
yeah if no idea you grabbed hold of you
you're you're a dead person almost
anybody in the UFC any person the
average person even if you're training
it doesn't matter they can take you just
let them do what they want to do yeah
there's the intellectual levels like I
always feel like whenever I talk to
people that are really smart or gonna
have a Sean Carroll or a neil degrasse
tyson or someone on the podcast you talk
to me just like goddamn I'm fucking
stupid yeah you know there's just just
levels to this just levels to this
understanding of life that's like but
that's with everything with stand-up
with artwork with with someone choking
the life out of you yeah this is Damon
I've been doing jujitsu since 1996 if I
roll with certain people just it's a
matter when I'm gonna get strangled yeah
they don't even have to be bigger than
me be smaller than means when am I gonna
tap when's it coming I had a friend of
mine went out who's like a really
athletic dude who I got he thought every
difference a friend of a friend but he
trains out of uh he's like a trainer out
of a Gracie school in Florida
there's only one time he he got to roll
with host Gracie and I said no I was
like I was what was it like was it like
was he like that much better I think
this guy's a high level black belt like
he's like dude he was like we talked
about levels he was like he was toying
with me like I had never done it before
and that's how I that's how good those
guys are and hoist doesn't you know at
this point when he compared compared to
these athletic guys in MMA today we saw
with Matt Hughes you know you know he
couldn't compete anymore once people
sort of knew the tricks but yeah I mean
that it's very humbling the whole
experience was even crazier Hickson
hoist is brother yeah boys will tell you
he's ten times better than him
yeah Hickson would do to hoist what
hoist would do to other black belt what
was the matter of the UH the story was
they could have had hexam but he was too
athletic and too you know there's a
bunch of issues and I would not want to
say exactly what happened for fear of
upsetting either side because I think
there's two different stories okay but
he was essentially the champion of the
family and one of the thoughts was that
it would be more impressive if hoist did
it because hoist was only 175 pounds and
yeah with his shirt off he looked like
he was fit but look like a volleyball
player
johnathan right whereas Hicks like
Freddie Mercury Hickson was shredded
Nixon was like really in the physical
training he did a lot of gymnastics and
yoga he was unbeatable yeah yeah but he
was also like way physically stronger
it would appear more that he was just
dominating some like a cat yeah jump on
so wasn't as good of an advertisement
for it wasn't necessarily true though
because it was also talked that no one
can control Hicks and it didn't want
Hickson to win cuz Hickson is a he's
like a free spirit like in the greatest
sense of the word like legitimately he
might throw his phone in the ocean to
disappear for a month and just fucking
surf and do jiu-jitsu somewhere oh he's
a freak in the best sense of the word
that's awesome so I don't think they
ever thought they could control Hickson
that was part of the the problem with
having Hicks and be the champion Hickson
would probably freeze up the whole
organization I want 10 million dollars
I'll never fight again like they were
offering him fights for years and he had
some crazy number that he wanted and he
was like if you give me that number I'll
fight fade or if you give me that number
I'll fight the best fighters now oh yeah
a defender after the a right yes after
the UFC started but everybody still knew
see when hoist was winning everyone
still knew Hickson was competing in
something called Japan Valley tudo and
he won that you got to see that super
high level jujitsu pride one was Hickson
and Hickson was the guy that everybody
knew that if something happened and then
hoist was out of the UFC or there was no
other Gracie's in the UFC Hickson is
always there to step in and we were
always wondering when is he gonna step
down when is gonna fight the barons
never did know he fought some people
fought foo naki who was a really
high-level guy that was his last fight
and he strangled him
put him to sleep as a crazy image man of
him rear naked choke Funaki and for
knock his eyes roll in the back of his
head he goes unconscious and Hickson
just throws him off as well hands up he
was a savage awesome I loved it so much
I got it too when I was younger I'm too
fat and old now my kid he just started
sense how old you I just turned 37
yesterday Bourdain didn't start doing
jujitsu till he was 58 yeah right around
that shit you're right there's all
what's his name Al Bundy right he
started late in life he did
I don't think he he was a Hicks and
Gracie student I believe I believe he's
hoist I think he was from Torrance so he
was that was uh like that's like Henner
and here on and yeah yeah you're right I
could in haban I'm just coming up with
excuses phony don't totally do it I mean
if you trained for a martial arts fight
you could train for judges it's a fun
thing to learn too but that's where I
got injured the most was doing jujitsu
you fuck up your shoulders alright my
shoulder was dislocated six weeks for
the fight my hand was broken both of my
ribs to this day they're just popping
out like it's just a little sausage tore
poking out in different directions and
it hurts yeah I'm taking this little
tear and then the Red Bull will heal up
like sticking out a little bit yeah that
was all doing it was all rolling Jiu
Jitsu with guys who were just trying to
kick your ass and she talked about we
talked about that you got to be real
careful with who you train with because
someone is really good can train with
you and you don't get hurt yeah you know
like if I roll with John Jacques Machado
like I never get hurt he you know I
never win but I never get hurt you know
it's uh you he's always in control like
you're in and everything is like if you
roll with a black belt it's actually
safer yeah then rolling with like a
really strong blue belt or a purple belt
cuz they're just trying to kill you that
you just want those they want those tap
points may be able to get you especially
if you're Louis J Gomez from Legion
shanked course they know bragging rights
a bit more fucking get yeah yeah I had a
fuckin wrestlers big dick head wrestler
was just like here's a Gaul show at a
wrestle little dude he just grabbed me
and no no I'm sorry he didn't grab me
this is this is what a pussy I am this
is what how tough this fucking guy was
huge guy right indeed just nasty gnarled
up ears course college wrestler but a
big big boy like heavy mm-hmm did I
tried to take he was showing me I don't
like pop up and take somebody down
that's what I'm trying to drill with him
we were drilling dude and every time I
would do it he would just not let me do
it and just fucking flop me on my ass
right and one time I tried to do it and
when I went to go take him down he
jerked me in the other direction and my
shoulder literally just popped out
altogether all the way out it was crazy
I was like there's
no way yeah it was it was nuts um you
know everything hurt going into it and
Bisping he Bissman was like dude he's
wrapping my hands in the back and my
hand was throbbing it was broken it was
throbbing and I was just over and over
again rewrapping the house to do it's
not right you got to rewrap it a new way
and he's made shut the fuck up
hmm he's like you're not gonna feelin it
as soon as you walk out there you not
gonna feel anything Adrenaline's gonna
kick in and that's that and you're doing
wrestling drills that's when a lot of
guys get really injured and you got to
make sure you're doing them with people
that understand it's a drill and
understand where your levels at that's
what's going on with a guy like that
he's just flexing on you
yeah I'm just beating on you of course
because he's probably done in a million
times he's done those drills probably a
million times but you've done him zero
times it's crazy it's crazy that he
would do that and go hard with you the
wrestling sucks dick on so many levels
so I tried to join the wrestling team
because I was a pro wrestling fan when I
was a kid I got a wrestle on a wrestle
first of all I saw singlet I was like
that's not happening my little fucking
dick and flabby ass in a singlet it's
like you have to have a big dick at a
nice but in order to fucking we're
sitting like sorry there's another quote
that's a meme right there you have to
have a big dick and a nice butt too poor
thing it's the truth what do you want me
to say yeah it's crazy I'm in the ninth
grade I'm like I'm waiting for my dick
to grow in still okay I'm not doing this
for another couple of years so I joined
for like a day and in my high school we
had a pool and it was like a heated pool
for the swim team I went to a pretty
nice high school actually and there was
a they would make us run around the pool
but like four miles before wrestling
practice before before wrestling class
right there was three miles total
whatever it was and it was like a sauna
so you were doing like a hot warm up in
a hot pool and then you would start
training and yeah two days later I was
like fuck this dude they beat your ass
from wrestling but that's what makes
people so tough that's why wrestlers are
like mentally some of the toughest
people alive you know they're so used to
that grind they can they they also take
pleasure in suffering like no other
sport they enjoy it like they enjoy not
being prima donnas like all the best
wrestlers if you you go back and you
look like the history of amateur
wrestling they're all known as being
like hard hard men like Dan Gable Dan
Gable was a ha
man yeah you know that motherfucker just
trained his body into the ground
I think he's got two hip replacements
two knee replacements is me just keep
going he was an animal and he was just a
just just a unstoppable wrestler in his
prime
you know but that was part of it was
that that mental strength that those
guys have and a lot of those guys don't
jump into it later though it's it's also
as we're talking about beating you're
turning them into pieces of shit there's
the other side of it as well where you
have like it's it's in their family is
their dad they're doing it since they
were 4 since they can crawl they can
they're practicing takedowns and that
side of it if you're you know in those
formative years if that's built into you
that toughness mmm
it's said it's sort of cakewalk I didn't
have any I mean I I did I did just for
fun baseball and I wasn't even good at
it
I got barely hit it really was the tea
was t-ball I could barely hit the ball I
was so unethical my mom there was no
part of her that wanted to continue to
push me to do those things so if I said
I didn't want to go to - just for fun
she was she was like all right fucker
I'm gonna take you I was sort of you
know right which I think is that you
know problem but that that yeah I think
it's really tough that's why guys you
see guys like George st. Pierre who
never did high school wrestling or
college wrestling and then jumps into it
after the fact and it makes sense if you
know who George is it makes sense the
reason why makes sense was two reasons
one first of all he was very athletic
and he already had this leaping
inability from karate so you had this
karate blitz ability yeah when you're
diving in like for a punch or like a
straight blast or something like that
that's very similar to diving in for a
takedown in terms of your ability to
spring forward right so George already
had that with leaping into punch or
leaping into kick so we already had this
ability to spring then on top of that
George is super intelligent and he
listens he has zero ego like I've seen
him be coached before I've seen him like
do Jiu Jitsu with like Danaher or like
really elite high level guys and there's
a lot of this videos of it online
he's very coachable he listens to
everything and no ego he's not trying to
do it a different way he's trying to
listen to you a hundred percent
guys like that there it's a shorter path
to understanding
the technique and two proficiency yeah
because they they listen some people
don't all they don't listen all the way
they listen a little bit but then they
want to try it their way like even when
they're training and sparring you'll say
listen listen for this round I just want
you to just try it this way
just do this one thing and they'll try
it for a couple of seconds and they'll
give up and go back to their old style
yeah like what happened like I didn't
feel comfortable if that's the point
like this is how you get better
George is the opposite listen it's
really coachable I guess they say he
just understands the technique is
everything it's everything yeah and if
you understand if you you could learn
like two or three techniques and have
like a real high level proficiency if
you just continue to drill him and
understand the counters like it's not
he's not like doing a lot of like crazy
shit inside the Octagon when it comes to
wrestling yeah but not like a Ben Askren
type style or what he is doing it's a
power double he's got awesome singles on
both sides he knows how to take people
down he knows how to stuff takedowns you
know just those things alone that's all
he needed to impose his MMA game yeah
George I'm to this day one of my
favorite fighters um you know but yeah
he was sort of he always like stood out
as the guy that like yeah I mean just
didn't you know got wrestled better than
everybody without you know having to do
that earlier and then got you know guys
like Ben Askren he's a fucking monster
he's also hilarious did I think that
aspirins sorry so funny he's he's such a
troll I love I love a guy who just
doesn't shy away from it yeah
trolls his boss troll zo still continues
to this day just released a game out of
it it's hilarious yeah he's a funny dude
what also what George st. Pierre has is
extreme physical ability like he could
do backflips he does a lot of fucking
gymnastic stuff he's just his he has
excellent command over his body yeah
that was a sneak aside he would see him
like doing like those like gymnastic
training things where he's like doing
like super crazy like you know core
strength balance beam type shit and I
mean at that point once you know you
ever gets all really guys doing that no
other guys in the sport are sort of
looking to its another level of
cross-training and getting your body
prepared for like something that it's
not really
paired for exactly yourself out of your
comfort zone that's that's you know one
of the I just I really wish I would have
when I was a kid I wish I would have
done more sports I wish I would have had
what did you play sports when you were
kid not like a baseball player Jeff I
did play baseball and then I actually
quit doing everything else but martial
arts because of baseball I want to see a
Red Sox game and Fenway Park and when me
and my buddy were coming home
there was like crazy crowds of people
trying to get on the T which is the
train to get home so we just for while
we were walking by this Taekwondo gym I
walked upstairs I want to see what it
was all about and as I was walking
upstairs it was guy named John Lee who
was a national champion at the time and
one of the best black belts it's got
shake him ever produced and he was
murdering this heavy bag
I mean murdering yeah he was hitting it
with he's spinning back kicks that was
making his sound like whoop and then you
hear could shake with the chains would
would snap cuz I mean just exempt to
their full length because he was kicking
this bag it was flying through the air
and so I'd never seen anything and I was
as close to him doing that as Jamie is
to me right now because there was like a
little wall and there was a heavy bag
there and the way mr. Kim and mr.
O'Malley Michael O'Malley who was also
the the head instructor where Mr Kim was
gone they set up the bags right there
because they knew that if people were
coming in thinking about signing up and
a guy like John Lee's kicking the bag
you like I want to do that how the fuck
do you do that were you athletic and all
could you you wrestled I wrestled I did
I wrestled also while I was doing talk
window for one year was too much to do
to at the same time yeah I did I played
baseball but I wasn't very good I just
liked I never ever tried to get on base
I always try to hit home runs the coach
they just hit a single just a single we
really need this Mike yeah yeah fuck
yeah swing for the police either struck
out on trying to fingerbang a chick at
the pep rally ho yeah I hit one home run
once and that was it I was like oh I can
do that like I didn't know I could do
that because as a little kid I could
swing pretty hard I did you know they're
light bats and the kids aren't throwing
very fast and what else is 13-2 you know
and but from going to that one
Taekwondo gym watching that one guy you
became like a mentor to me in a lot of
ways and you went back to that gym
specifically that was 100% I was like I
never saw anything like that I had done
a little bit of martial arts by then I
did a little bit of karate but not much
but I never saw anybody kick it back the
karate school that I went to they didn't
emphasize that which it's a very very
important part of developing power you
have to be able to kick a bag I don't
think there was any bags in the
Taekwondo school that I went to yeah
it's it's a foolish mistake that a lot
of gyms make they emphasize speed and
like kicking pads over power you have to
have the power or just break some ice
you can say bag that because the bag
resists if it's a hundred pounds you got
to realize that you're not just hitting
this thing you're also pushing a hundred
pounds with your foot you're pushing 100
pounds to your foot so if you're
standing in front of a hundred pound bag
yo BAM you're not just hitting it hard
you're moving a hundred pounds with your
hips and your lips and your abs in your
core that's that's nice and straight yes
yeah you're actually getting a real
you're it's a plyo there's actual
physical resistance in terms of weight
and that's how you get stronger it's the
only way the only way you really develop
like destruction power like you know
that some people can you do that though
because that's the whole thing where
I'll because I was researching like how
do you how do you hit harder
you can't hit harder you can't hit as
hard as some people do you think
knockout power no you either have it or
you don't
I think you can increase someone's power
and most people can knock people out
most people if you taught them where to
hit someone they hit someone clean they
could hurt someone especially most men
who actually know how to punch a little
bit yeah but there's a big difference
between that kind of punching power and
say like a Tommy Hearns in his prime
punching power or you know a Lennox
Lewis straight right hand like just you
all you don't have that man now you
either have that you don't have that and
some people just I saw guys that were
like fucking 15 they had that was crazy
he'd watch guys that like at a young age
they would hit a pad or hit a bag and
he'd be like fuck this is crazy like how
do you have so much power
yeah I'm you don't know why you don't
know the strength you know they could
and he said well actually eighty deed
that story but I was saying when we do
that promotion in the street of New York
City where the head gear on the gloves a
little Mexican kid comes up doggie Oh
this gives a hundred and twenty-three
pounds soaking wet
little Mexican cake comes up and I'm
like I'm my size yeah I'm 20th time
maybe 21 or whatever but I'm just like
you know by the way I had never thrown a
punch in my life now that I actually
watch fighting understand a little bit
as a fan like I didn't have to stand I
had no idea to this Mexican kid he came
up he just faked a body shot and hit me
with a hook and I remember it it felt
like because it was no adrenaline it was
a game for me it wasn't like you know it
felt like my head was shook it felt like
my entire I'd never been hit so it to
this day I've never been hit sort of my
entire life dude I took in me I
literally took a knee and that's all I
remember I don't even know what happened
after that that kid just went off being
awesome and then I remember thing is
that I oversaw I want a box I want to
get in a box and that'll be fun and that
was the moment I was I'm not gonna box
I'm too big the way that kid hurt me the
way that felt no fucking way no way if I
230 pound guy
were to hit me like especially if you
went to the wrong gym and they had you
sparring right away which a lot of gyms
do they'll throw guides to the Wolves
just to see if they're worth keeping
around they'll try you like right out of
street they'll show you a few punches
have you hit the pads a little bit tell
you to keep your hands up then the heavy
spar I've seen it happen man sure no
just just to let you know and sometimes
you know that you'll be sparring with a
pro so they won't hurt you they just pop
you a little bit pop pop to the body pop
just try and get some work in you know
just looking for a easy target so I do
it my girlfriend
we bucks just fucking stop just touch
just that you let her know let her know
it could be worse this boxing is the the
problem with it as a casual thing though
is the punches that don't even hurt you
they just rattle your head a little
those all count all those count those
are probably sometimes worse yeah
because there's so many of them you
don't even notice like if you get hit
with one big shot you'll stop like your
head gets rattled you get a headache you
sit down oh fuck
but you'll stop if you
get hit a few times you treat it like
it's nothing you just get popped a few
times you're in the air you get hit 30
secs later you got a bloody nose your
lips bleeding a little now I got
something over your eye you don't think
about it but you got hit in the head 30
times yeah he never got dropped so you
like I'm fine I didn't take any damage
but you did you just don't you don't
think of that as damage and now they're
understanding that that is as much of
what you're seeing from CTE is that
sub-concussive trauma probably more so
because it's so frequent yeah well over
and over again mmm you know say
everything man dr. Mark Gordon said
fucking jet skis
he said the banging of jet skis when
you're like that's terrible for your
fucking head like how about Angus Young
from ac/dc I'd like to do it I to bang
his head and do the MRI to see like how
maybe is the fibers of his brain
strengthened from a hundred years of
head bang maybe I used to go to like
metal concerts and go to mosh pits I was
like a big metal head when I was a kid
and yeah we were just fucking yeah you
get brain damage he's going there and so
swinging your hands get plunge kid and
you're right you don't think the amount
of Lee just head banging yeah just
banging your head over and over again
your brain is just smacking into the
front of your fucking face over and over
and over again Angus would on stage play
and head bang at the same time yeah like
try rubbing the top of your head yeah
now imagine patting your head and now
imagine trying to play guitar and head
bang time and then catch all the tunes
fuck I was in a band when I was in high
school so I played drums that was uh
yeah we all we all wanted to be we all
want to be rock stars did you wanna be a
rock singer kid or nope nope nope no any
no music no no no no musical talent
whatsoever look at these all these
groupie chicks from the 70s hilarious
look at them so her enemies two stories
about like even live with her mother so
I gotta go how are we not hearing like
crazy me two stories about shit with
like rock bands in the 80s and 70s
I think cuz everybody knew what they
were getting into I think they knew they
were getting into a lot of times now but
it's just you think that at least
somebody would want to come out and go
like oh just so you know Guns N'Roses
ran a train on me in 1987 jfy I and I
was really intoxicated maybe it's a
different time like those ladies had a
different approach to things
oh look they were there for the memory I
think the reality is most people they
sort of go like all right well I'm
respond responsible for my actions
that's where most people I don't think
most people actually have a victim
mentality when they look at stupid shit
they've done in their youth I think most
people go a gap is fucking idiot I
shouldn't have done that
flush it I shouldn't have done there's
both things right there's some people
don't have a victim mentality and then
there's also some people just became
victims back then and they just didn't
have a way to express it like they do
now yeah is it different like it was a
completely different world 20 30 years
ago
yeah how would you even start to get the
message out that you were me - in 1981
yeah I'm gonna write a letter to you
what would you do if you got if someone
sexually assaulted you in 1981 what
would you do I mean go to the cops yeah
you have to calm newspaper maybe they
would you know if the the guy was a rich
guy turned his lawyers on you yeah
different world it's all its I mean I'm
of the Steven Pinker view of progress
that I think that although the world is
not perfect I think it's just way better
than it is way better yeah it feels
worse because we have the internet and
you have access to your fingertips to
the most vile shit yeah you know that
it's it seems like people are more
racist because before you used to have
to write the n-word on a bathroom stall
that was the only way to say hey when
they have fun reddit group yeah yeah
whatever it is and there's a it you can
sort of get that instant reaction you
gotta go back the next day and there's
another guy that drew an arrow out of
that and was like yeah but what about
the Jews and then it kept them going
down
but now you sort of have that instantly
at your fingertips so it feels like oh
my god the world's crumbling everyone's
racist everyone sexist but everyone's
got an opinion online and once you get
off there you know we all coexist we all
we all work together we're all doing
shit you know yeah we certainly can yeah
I mean the people there's a lot of this
nonsense like energy on on social media
we're just arguing about things all day
long
insulting people all day long and that
shit is so bad for your head to engage
in that all day yeah it feels way better
to not engage feels way every time I
travel anytime if you see me on Twitter
talking shit back before I'm on an
airplane bored and I just I did it
yesterday I would even name the guy it's
a blogger you didn't even watch my
special this cocksucker just took shots
at because he doesn't like me hmm and I
was just just engaging back and forth
over and over again and it's because I'm
bored did you feel gross though after it
was over now cuz I just deleted it all
right I'm done like I said what I had to
say mmm but I also I don't know like I
there's part of me as well like I've
gotten you know you get so much shit
eventually you sorta get desensitized to
it so that you don't really I mean how
you're you know you're fucking famous
you get critics like real critics like I
mean your your specials been reviewed by
real people I'm sure some people didn't
like it I'm sure I'm sure you've had to
have a bad fucking credit out there but
at this point you're like who gives a
fuck I just think overall in general
it's better to be who gives a fuck
because I think there's there's
criticism that's valid that you
understand like you you should be able
to know whether you fucked up or whether
something was good or not
mmm-hmm you should be able to look at
and go oh that wasn't my best work and
be honest about that but then once
you're honest about that and you do your
best work like either you like it you
don't the idea that everyone's gonna
like it's crazy cuz people just don't
like the same things everybody likes
what you're doing it fucking stinks
there's someone out there listening to
Fleetwood Mac 24/7 okay they never heard
a fucking Tupac song there's no biggie
in their car they never listen to NAS it
is fucking tusks all day long every day
that's okay that's okay
two men you know if you're really into
Fleetwood Mac and someone tries playing
you know some Led Zeppelin and you're
not into it you get angry okay that's
not your fault it's just like that's not
well you're into you know if someone
comes to see you in the girl this guy's
just not for me
but then some 25 year old guys like I
love it he's not wrong no everybody has
a different page ahh that guy gets it
gets it ready gets you if you go to well
if you go to a comedy club in general
and if you vocalize that you do not
enjoy the show in any way i I sort of
look at you as an asshole
I don't need to do that because you you
can have an opinion there's nothing
wrong with having an opinion but for you
to say that your opinion is more
important than the whole show it's crazy
yes is that's what you're doing you
really doing one of two things either
your ego is so inflated you think you're
gonna correct this person and you're
gonna stop their jokes in its tracks and
they're gonna realize the error of their
ways and it's gonna make them a better
person and you can also educate this
entire crowds been laughing at this
awful stuff that's a foolhardy way of
looking it's not gonna happen also if
you know the way comedy works you
realize you just pissed off the comic
cuz now he's going to fuck dude I'm
working on this bad
yeah I'm trying now I have a new way of
wording this tonight and now I want to
do it a certain way and you just want to
fuck that up you asshole and maybe maybe
I'm gonna get there maybe I'm gonna get
to a place where you actually enjoy the
joke you dickhead but you ruined it now
well the thing is people see every time
you're onstage they see you as this is a
finished product you're presenting what
they don't understand is and I'm hoping
people get it more now than they ever
did before but this some people still
don't get it say you're the way we work
stuff out is by trying it onstage and
sometimes we take chances and suffer
again and sometimes those chances come
out terrible and it's not that we're a
bad person we're trying to figure out
the right combination of things and
sometimes you try to do it in the moment
and the best shit that everybody really
likes were people who are taking risks
there's very all of the greats you're
talking about everyone that when people
are about their top 10 lists of
comedians these are people who took some
chances in stake 100 percent they didn't
have a cellphone to watch what they were
doing in the club and the night that the
joke bombed you know
where you know whoever's talking about
you know Richard Pryor talk about
smoking crack he had nights where that
joke bombed yeah and nobody's laughing
and there's somebody that went you know
what my dad's addicted to crack that
really bothers me but nobody it just was
a different time so nobody had the
outlet to sort of express that I think
that yeah I mean they're the Patrice
O'Neal who I mean in my opinion greatest
comedian ever live also a Boston guy and
he you know he talked about it when I
think he was defending you see the
Kramer or radio guys Donna Anthony Donna
the nappy-headed hos coming back and he
was just talking about the held you know
it's a joke
yeah and jokes whether they're good or
bad they all come from the same place
this idea and I'm like well I wanna I
wanna this is something funny and I'm
gonna go turn it into something that's
gonna hopefully make people laugh the
end result is a very much a net positive
a room of people laughing yes right and
sometimes you take that chance and it
bombs and it hits people the wrong way
you're like oh I fucked up I I said it
wrong I didn't do it right
but it's wrong it's not the wrong isn't
the right word what the problem is we're
trying it out with the people you need
the audience to help you create the
business or in the process they don't
think of them should understand it more
well they don't understand it and so
like I mean you don't have to laugh like
I know it's not funny if it comes out
wrong but if you if you get mad at
someone for something that's not done
yet or unless but there's you know there
are points in time where someone can say
something that's so egregiously
incorrect that at the very least you
want to leave the room I get that I mean
I've seen it I've seen people say things
on stage they'll be hard to get to leave
a room for anything there's no there's
not many subjects I thought it was
stupid if it was insulting to my
intelligence if I was frustrated
listening this idiot talk on stage I
would leave the room you know nothing
wrong with leaving the room but there's
a big difference Sheen leaving the room
and yelling out hey man what you're
saying is not funny this is not funny I
don't care what these fucking people are
laughing shit's not funny you should
stop talking about like that's nonsense
that's nonsense like you're not in a
fucking court where someone's reading
affidavits stupid this is someone trying
to make funny out of life yeah it either
works or it doesn't and if it doesn't
that's okay I'll figure it out or I
won't figure it out B the way this is
just the process you yelling out
something you know throwing up your flag
of virtue in front of everyone it's just
preposterous it's like you don't you
don't get to do that at the comedy club
that's right that they kick you out it's
just a stupid thing it's a stupid way to
handle it and then when guys are like
I'm helping the show oh my god that is
the ultimate stupid no just because
everyone's laughing now because I'm
roasting you doesn't mean you're helping
the show stupid yeah it's usually I I
just have the audience turn on that
person they also just point out to the
fact that that's that's the secret sauce
you see Congress do this they'll go like
look I don't even care dude you're
making these people you're making them
mad they're wasting their money so and
then the audience was cool yeah yeah
fuck this guy well some people think
that they could do comedy and so that's
why they do that's you said it before
it's a can we make it look easy if
you're a good comic you're making it
look like it's off-the-cuff it you're
rolling with the punches just talking
you're just talking up there and then
some other guy who maybe is very funny
might be the funniest of his friends
right which to be honest with you that's
all you need to start doing comedy he
should maybe go sign up for an open mic
more power to him exactly but he goes oh
shit this is easy he sees everyone
laughing you all remember when I was in
high school I would make everyone laugh
that was an awesome feeling and then
they'd take that shot and once in a
while it works in their favor you look
like a real asshole happen where
somebody says Han hilarious a fuck dude
you got to be laughing at it yeah but
then then the problem is it encourages
more people and then people get drunk
and then as the night goes on like some
there's always some dummy he's been
holding on to this idea he's gonna
heckle you about something he's got it
in his head for like 10 minutes and
followed blah yeah blurts it out you
like what you were holding on to that
for all that time yeah it's fucking it's
a hard thing to do to make it to make a
group people laugh the exact same time
no that are expecting the laughs that is
a very specifically it's also a weird
thing look alien sauce doing comedy they
just fucking blow up the comedy club
like this is crazy this is like I don't
know what it is we stop us from killing
all the fish first I think it's the
first thing they do dude we keep going I
joke around about this all the time
because it kind of it's one of the
things that freaks me out more than
anything about what people do on the
plan
my suck visualization did I've watched
countless hours of commercial fishing
nets pulling gigantic hauls of fish into
their boats you know and you're like how
many how many souls how many souls are
in that fucking net I know I don't think
humans have souls so fish don't even
take care of their babies man like one
one or two fish do some of them hold
their babies in their mouths but fish
they they just shit out some eggs mail
comes over jizz on the eggs it's like
they have such a minimal connection
because they know that time is short
how was it likely they're not going to
survive what's the lifespan of a fish if
they make it it's a good question but
I'm sure it varies yeah shark shark
shark a little long time let's say a
grouper that's a giant ass fish how old
is an old grouper I want to say thirty
that always you mean look yeah they
start with like ocean fish no it's good
a few as groupers a gigantic ocean fish
30 days or 30 years there's such a
differentiation what the answer could be
years it's definitely years thirty years
held it Oh Phil Roe Dumas holy shit
total gues total gasps yeah that makes
sense though like a deer a deer lives
like if everything goes perfect a deer
live like 15 years and then they get
jacked by something you mean Joe Rogan
no giant turtles have like Omo yeah
they're almost immortal yeah they don't
even know how old those fuckers are yeah
they could be a thousand years old right
isn't that the case
really something crazy like that yeah
yeah I think a giant turtle can live
we should probably google that I've
tried to look like before I don't think
they I don't know how you know right
like fucking kill it to test you know
what they used to do on boats man they
used to fill the hull like the bottom of
the boat with turtles they take the
turtles and then flip them on their back
because they'll live down there for
months on their back because they don't
really have to eat all the time that's
how they would use they'd use them for
food so they would have all these
turtles live Turtles and there was alive
so they weren't rotting what they
couldn't do jack shit because they were
on their backs and so they would go down
there and pick them up and take a turtle
and
bring it upstairs and cook it have you
read turtle soup yeah go think I have I
said I said that when I was saying that
I'm like are you lyin
I think I have I think I had it once a
long time ago I can't remember I was
gonna have it I was in Florida one of
these like mm-hmm
frog leg type yeah yeah it's like a
place that's like the best wound up
smell girder yeah yes like alligator
meat and like I tried alligator me at
tried frog legs I don't eat exotic shit
I've only tried alligator meat at like
one of those TGI Friday type joints you
know one of those like chain type and it
was like deep-fried batter fried and it
was a huge chicken like a like chewy
chicken but apparently when they get it
fresh like if they shoot an alligator
and then they take a look the back
straps off of it and they cook it
correctly it's delicious apparently yeah
but it's one of those things that like
when you get it at a restaurant unless
it's like a legit restaurant like
they're probably serving you some frozen
not frozen alligator fuck that and whose
how'd they take care of it before they
froze it I mean you ever see those swamp
people shows where they have boats
filled with fucking alligators I don't
think they're eating those man I think
most of those they're just taking the
skins off of them and selling it for the
leather yeah that's that's what's really
valuable yeah I've no no adventure in me
I watch you posting videos of you
hunting and killing things and then
eating it it's like if you just go back
to your Instagram three days in a row
it's like I could watch like a an animal
alive to being on your plate and it's
fucking I mean more power to you dude
the whole thing I'm I watch it in awe
because I could never I could never kill
something even an even like I don't even
Utley could kill something lying to me
you could kill something and you
definitely could if you wanted to feed
your son there's no doubt in my mind if
you had a gun and there was a deer and
you were hungry starving yes you don't
even have to be starving you just have
to have not the best prosper manifesting
right now it's like 11:00 a.m. I'll
fuckin what is this Jamie 46 grams of
protein and alligator is that a pound
3.3 ounces holy shit three ounces of
alligator 46 grams of protein all you
gainers out there well of course it's a
goddamn murderous dinosaur
it's got no fat on it it's just muscle
and run style skin they're monsters man
terrifying they're you that that story
about like
like that's the other thing about
becoming a father that people don't tell
you everything makes you terrified oh
yeah so you know this I'm supposed to
put my kid to Disney in July and I'm
like there was the story with the
alligator who grabbed a little kid and
dragged him into the I'm the property of
Disney yep
the father just watched his kid get
eaten dude Florida there's too many
alligators they can't keep track of them
so if you have a body of water and
you're not standing there 24/7 when the
fucking spotlight and a rifle
sneak into that water that's it that's
real shit man yeah they'll sneak into
the water they'll cross that grass you
don't know they're there they climb in
that water you don't know they're there
and they'll be underwater for an hour
two hours and they'll pop that little
head up they see that little kid now
goddamn I'm hungry that kids too close
to the water and let's just grab them
they don't have any qualms about down
they don't know what the fuck you are
they don't care what you are yeah they
have a brain the size of a goddamn
walnut and they've been alive in that
form for who knows how many fucking
millions of years and they just kill me
take they can go without food for a year
man really ninety-five alligators
removed from Disney property in Orlando
Fox toddler killed 95 that was just like
in that last year this was years ago
dude they're training up to 400
alligators through April like it's a
project like they're building a fucking
bridge bro we were there like a year ago
and first of all if you haven't gone
Disneyland Disneyland has the dopest
fucking ride in the history of the world
that world avatar worlds in lardo lands
here world sorry Disney Land will have
the dopest ride when they have this
Millennium Falcon ride that opens up
supposedly it's insane but the the
avatar ride in Disney World in Orlando
is off the charts yeah it's crazy man it
lets you know like oh my god the future
of these fucking rides it's like one of
those like yeah it's like the where you
see crazy shit and your movies you put
on this helmet and the helmet is a
virtual reality goggles and it's straps
you into this chair and this chairs like
it looks like a motorcycle yeah and then
you look down and you were riding this
dragon and that's it and you go this
full HD 3d environment that they keep
getting better and better yet shit I did
the Transformers I brought my kid to
Universal that's a
right it was due transformers was
awesome Harry my ride was dope yeah
love the Harry Potter ocular what in the
fuck is that stupid fake Don it was the
last year I think they fuck they got rid
of it it's the last boobs more money on
the ride than they did making the movie
for Jurassic Park and it wasn't that
good of really yeah I read that recently
come on under don't know there's wack
impossible that's impossible I that fact
it literally impossible that ride is so
old chucky cheese technology yeah right
it's a fucking animatronic they could
reskin it and it would be a giant rat
playing drums i know it's like remotely
scary it's like what well the drop is
scary that's the thing at the end of it
they do a drop of my son was 5 so he was
terrified the Jurassic Park River
adventure 110 million dollars like god
it remains the most expensive amusement
park ride of all time and actually cost
twice as much as Jurassic Park the movie
I would have been 55 whoever made that
right now has a bottle of champagne one
hand a coke tray and the other some
shits laughing about how they got a
hundred and ten million dollars to make
the shitty ass ride yeah they just
living like a baller it's a yeah it's a
different I mean like jay-z and Big
Pimpin ten million that rides with $35
yeah if that was at a County Fair like
all right yes the County Fair big ride
big ride you see the dinosaur comes out
looks pretty good yeah like you never
stop bad fucking dinosaur oh yeah I got
caught smoking weed at universities I
had my girl bring my kid away and I was
outside of the Jurassic Park I didn't
get caught by the police but I was
outside of the jurassic park ride and i
was like all right you know bring him to
go get a soda or whatever i'm gonna sit
here and smoke my vape pen and there's
like one of the handlers they have a
thing where they have a velociraptors i
get person in the costume but again i'ma
try to cost ya and they're pretending to
be like a velociraptor and the the
trainers like trying to calm him down
it's a whole display with the kids and
everyone's really excited so I'm just
like how watching it like getting stone
zoning out and at one point the girls
got like one of those you know
microphone and face pieces on she just
goes she goes sir not here and that was
it now
and then I just sir not here fade it off
in the back yeah I know I wonder if
they're cooler about it now now this is
a year ago oh there's not that long ago
wow I was very surprised I was like this
is California well not only that would
it would if it was a vape pen with
tobacco or CBD or are you allowed to do
that probably not I think they're
smoking areas that are designated but
she knew what it was she saw my face my
mouth was a gape watching real
velociraptors walking around I was
losing my mind it was lost - get out of
here stoner yeah that was listening to
the radio in Utah and they were talking
about how they have to re they have to
figure out what to do with their drug
sniffing dogs now cuz there's no reason
it must be some is there a change in
Utah as Utah changing their their drug
policy because it was funny there's
listening to this old dude on just for
the for the fuck of it all so soon the
AM radio rock radio and this old dude
was talking about how they they're gonna
decommission some of these drug sniffing
dogs cuz they'd use them on like traffic
stops there we go
medical marijuana in Utah could mean
retirement for generation of drug
canines just fucking putting these dogs
down well they also were worried about
the police officers themselves losing
jobs you when you hear about pot that's
making its way into a place like Utah
you know first of all you realize
goddamn pot is really you can't stop
it's here the genies out of the bottle
it's here the revenues and Grandma feels
better ya know the Alzheimer's the
people that have all these serious
issues that CBD is fixing brightest
patients people with like real problems
that are not finding any other solution
that works the way cannabis does they're
just giving in and then they're making
all this money but then you see these
old folks that are from a different time
and they're talking about it and they
they look at it in terms of like how
many police jobs are gonna go away by
how many dogs are gonna be one of them
smoke weed so they're like it's not
really my problem
and interesting to watch them look at it
as an economic issue the problem is you
have pot heads that are leading the
charge so it's for a long time it was
difficult to take him serious yeah you
needed straight-laced guys to come in
and you know there's a lot of money
there there's so much money in it that
you're getting that but when you have
fucking hippies playing hacky sack and
you know you know weren't puka-shell
necklace is it's sort of hard to take
them seriously when the reality is they
kind of want to be legalized for
recreational purposes and you know yeah
I don't like for I don't I don't use we
ss doesn't try to I do take CBD I did
literally during that fight I was using
topical CBD the whole time
so I guess you take whirl - I do I take
CBD excellent daily but I don't know
infinite CBD sponsors are podcasts and
great festivals well they're also I'll
get you a bunch of products is there a
really great company that supports
comedy they sponsored my tour when I was
prepare for my special they're fucking
dope but I take it daily I take the the
oil just because you know apparently all
of the the benefits that it has with
getting your body back into homeostasis
and making me feel better and getting
back in line I don't know the fucking
effects I smoke weed every day as well
so i'm sure i'm getting CBD effects as
well but in my mind I'm going to I have
a bunch of this stuff I know that since
I started taking it i weirdly feel
better but i can't really connect you
said before you take CBD and you go into
another realm well I was taking one and
one it's like one gram of CBD - one gram
of THC like it's it's one part well so
whatever milligrams you have it's Bo
like it's ten milligrams CBD it's ten
milligrams we as well its Pope yeah I
take regular CBD too though I take oil I
feel like it's it's very beneficial and
much more potent in terms of its
anti-inflammatory benefits than just
smoking it smoking it does something for
you it definitely reduces inflammation
makes you feel better I was taking sore
joints a topical I was using topical is
good too but I think the real
combination is topical plus the oil you
don't have to say but as people a lot of
people find that they have better pain
relief from one versus one plus one like
one part
THC one part so it's like edible like
you know marijuana mixed with CBD a lot
of people find great benefit in that for
some reason yeah I had a trick my aunt
because my aunt so anti drugs and if I
told her that CBD was derived from hemp
shoot she wouldn't take it was just bad
arthritis and I gave it to her for
for that and she loves it and I told her
after the fact but it's grabbing dude
it's just a plant folks and if you just
get straight CBD it has no psychoactive
properties there's no it's not gonna the
only thing it's gonna do is for some
folks and it works a little bit left
wave with me it alleviates some anxiety
just relaxes you yeah yeah that's uh
that's why I smoke weed - yeah I smile
and I've been arrested probably ten
times in my life and every time was for
smoking a joint in the street every
single time dude the arrested they take
you in yeah
New York Turkey fucking cell it's crazy
still they're still do the last time I
was put into a cell for smoking weed was
a year and a half ago me and Dave Smith
two years ago maybe me and you tell me
you were Lewis J Gomez guy told me Louis
Gomez that's when I start using the
middle in - I was like you know what
there's problems election any fucking
Louis Gomez's must have rap sheets doggy
every time I come back into the country
I'm pulled into a room and they fucking
they look like they're about to fuck me
with a rubber glove every time have you
been to Panama honey ton recently sir
yes come right this way every single any
time Bolivia sir but yet dude when in
New York City the way it works is you
its dude it sucks it's happened so many
times it's the worst cuz it's just a
major inconvenience you know pay me ask
to get into Canada I can do it now cuz
they changed the laws but I didn't go to
Canada for like three years because of
weed for being arrested for a joint
we're not talking about like I have an
ounce that I just bought from my dealer
and they found a large amount on me a
joint smoking on the street what they do
is they they at first they they take the
weed and they guard we're gonna give you
a ticket just hang tight relax we're
gonna put cuffs on you this is just keep
you calm and just to fuckin get you in
the paddy wagon this is all a process
then they put you in a paddy wagon they
used to have sweet nights in New York
where all it was was they would go and
try to find kids smoking weed get drunk
kids college kids pissing in public
public intoxication and the entire night
they would just pick up everybody and
fill up paddy wagons and create
criminals just create criminals out of
teenagers you know kitten they were
target that's why the stop and frisk law
has happened in New York they changed it
they were just targeting black and
Hispanic kids because it let me see
what's in your pockets vastly
disproportionate numbers of them being
stopped and frisked first as white of
course and everybody's got weed in their
pocket in New York City okay just so
stupid that it's still illegal there how
the fuck is that clinging on and one of
the biggest cities in the world how the
fuck is that still almost like the same
thing with the UFC it wasn't legal there
it was the last date right it was the
last date or maybe second alas it is
because corruption yeah the amount of
red tape involved the amount of people
that have to be paid off to make any
laws happen in any way kept the UFC out
wound up going to jail one of the guys
was actively campaigning to keep the UFC
out he went to jail for corruption which
guy was this I don't remember fuck him
yeah that was dealt with that for a long
time care yeah it's I knew what it was
man you know I used to live in New York
I know what it is there's a lot of that
shit still around it's too big of a city
too much too many rats in the holes you
know I mean you know any rats are in the
streets of New York City just all
throughout the bottom of the subway and
running around the sewer system is rats
yeah they just like they've become a
part of the ecosystem well this human
rat stew is like creepy corrupt
motherfuckers that have been
manipulating shit and getting people to
pay them off for protection and also
it's a sneaky fucking City related shit
that takes forever to clean out yeah
it's just to get it out of the streets
of New York yeah it would take fret they
did a good job I mean they cleaned up
Times Square they've eliminated a lot of
the mob but there's still a little mob
killings right that guy just got killed
just got whacked that happened and it
was like what there's a mob the mobs
alive still alive they're out there's
two whackin P no way I know I was done I
thought I was done I literally thought
it ended in like the 80s the Italian mob
I had no idea
I thought so too all like fucking
reality stars now yeah right I know like
mob bosses wives yeah those fucking show
grown up Gotti that was one of them
whatever one where list lady was I
remember watching one with his girl was
drinking and she she got mouthy with
this guy and then the guy told her go
fuck herself she's like oh yeah and she
calls her ex-husband up who said mobster
the ex-husband comes over and talks to
the guy and like you imagine you're some
poor guy in a bar and some crazy lady
starts yelling shit out you go fuck you
cunt and she calls this guy comes over
when you look in his eyes you know he's
killed about 18 fucking people you're
like oh Jesus that's it yeah yeah yeah
well that's the other thing it's like
you know you have for a chick you've got
to be ready to fight you got if you're
just calling some chick a fat cunt
yeah well that just just be ready just
whatever's gonna happen whoo and and I
feel bad cuz the guy that she is with
now he's like fuck fuck now I gotta
fight for this fat cunt
I've seen it happen mo yeah I had we
were at a UFC event in Philly years ago
Forrest Griffin Anderson Silva okay and
there was a guy I was with a chick who
was sort of dating she was a little
chubbier and we were me and my buddies
were there and these fucking Philly
dickheads were just ready for a fight
dude that back then dude Jersey Philly
that was always like seven eight fights
in the crowd it was like it was crazy
and these guys were just ready for a
fight I remember she was like there and
they were like right in front of us but
she was sort of in between us and the
guy just said he was like yeah fuck you
and fuck your fat cunt girlfriend and
literally in that moment I'm like well
now I have to fight this guy because he
I really like this girl really so now
it's like a but it's a it's a weird
thing so I just pretended I didn't hear
him go that was it was kind of like
scuffle then I was like that was that
she's like did you hear what he said I
was like no you have to fight for my
honor yeah yeah girls like that are you
getting your head snapped I'm gonna get
a hot dog well I've had I've had girls
that I've dated that would not want they
would just ladies if any ladies listen
to the show all three or four ladies
that are listening to this show right
now if just don't get your man into a
fight let him decide don't start talking
shit to another dude you're you're
putting him in a situation that maybe he
has want to be in and you're never gonna
know whether or not he wants to be in
that situation you're never gonna get
the honest story what's going on his
fucking mind right there
just know we never want you to start
talking shit to a dude in the middle of
an altercation because it's never gonna
end good no most of the time most of
time does not end good especially if
blows start flying man people getting
knocked out some guy got hurt really bad
at a Dodgers game recently he got
knocked out and cracked his head
off the ground that's what people need
to understand people die from that shit
you watch movies and people knock people
out and the person's fine you know you
could get a goddamn murder rap if you
punch someone and they fall and most
people when you punch him in the face
that go unconscious you have no idea
what happened they go unconscious their
head bounces off the ground they die it
happens all the time Kevin James when he
was a kid he was a bouncer in Long
Island and one of the guys at the bar I
don't think he was working that night
but one of the guys he knew and worked
with knocked guy out the guy fell hit
his head off a curb dead guy went up to
one go in jail for years spent years in
jail at some fucking $10 an hour job or
you fighting drunks yeah just getting
into some dumb fight which is thinking
it's okay to just tee off on someone's
face it's also probably pretty rare
people falling and hitting their head
and dying that's not rare at all that's
really common think about what that is
somebody I've seen a lot of people get
knocked out so absolutely you gotta ask
but I'm saying dying from hitting their
head on the curve I haven't seen him die
but they could easily yeah I mean I
guarantee you in a major city like New
York I bet somebody dies falling and
hitting their head off the curb every
week when you punch someone and they
fall think about how far that is right
think about the amount of force that's
involved now think about if you were
standing there and someone hit you in
the back of the head with something now
think about that something was the
fucking world the earth it doesn't give
at all concrete doesn't give it all the
only thing that gives your head yes your
head has to bounce and your skull
fractures and you get internal bleeding
your brain hemorrhages it cuts off your
ability to move you might have a stroke
you might have an I mean it's horrible
getting knocked out and falling and
hitting your head off the ground is a
terrifying thing and when you hear the
sound of smack of someone's head
bouncing off the concrete it's it's it
sounds Hollow it sounds like like a like
a melon it sounds terrible like a hard
melon or something yeah I yeah you see
it happened where people pass out
there's like videos that are out there
it's like you fall over and then they
just split their head off it's like the
worst dude gruesome following backwards
though something especially when you get
hit you get fucking clipped on the chin
your head snaps and your lights shut off
and you just fall and bounce it's even
in boxing matches man so the scariest
knockouts when a guy gets K out in the
head bounces off the ground yeah an MMA
in the UFC same thing when guys fall
back and their head bounces off the
ground it's like a double knock so I
watched that fight science thing back in
the day they were doing on Spike TV I
was like a show called I think was
called fight science and they were just
explaining why ground-and-pound was so
much more brutal than a straight
upstanding punch and they were just good
they like you know they showed the 3d
animation of the head and the fist
coming down and then the head bouncing
off the mat and then the brain bouncing
off the front then bouncing to the back
then the fist comes back up again and
your brain is just being over and over
again and you can't go anywhere you're
stuck oh it's terrifying I got beat up
in the 6th grade by an African kid named
Babatunde look at this every day 153
people the United States died from
injuries that include traumatic brain
injury wait a minute okay that include
traumatic brain injury so it's an injury
that also has traumatic brain injury
yeah it's just a headache
I see what they're saying those who
survive a TBI can face effects that
lasts a few days or the rest of their
lives that's the other thing impaired
thinking of memory movement sensation
vision emotional functioning personality
changes or depression these issues not
only affect individuals can have lasting
effects on families of community um yeah
man don't don't get hit in the head yeah
take it for somebody that's been hit in
the head avoid it yeah I whenever with
my son because there's just like a lotta
there's a weird thing in New York as
well where there's like a lot of tough
guys that it's like this alpha energy we
get on the subway and there's another
dude who like make eye contact with you
and you're like weirdly like you're in a
weird beef now because you're just
looking at a dude in the eyes yeah and
it's that and then it becomes the thing
where you have to like look away right
and then you're gonna give this internal
struggle where you're going like well no
I'm not gonna look away because this
guy's looking at me and then and then I
look at my kids right there and I'm
gonna like what is even going on in my
head right now I need to go to another
subway car just avoid at all costs
having to get into a confrontation in
front of him because that's one of my
biggest fears in the world is not
knowing what to do there's people that
live in like Montana they're listening
to this right now they're like what the
fuck are you talking about like you look
each other in the eye and some wants to
fight there are no reason this is the
nature of being penned up here that many
people else fucking some
cool about it the cool thing we talked
about before that people are like you
are exposed even if you're a poor kid
you're exposed to rich people they're
there they're normal like it doesn't
seem unattainable or uninsurable they're
all around you have path is there well
there are humans that are there just
like you you're around them but if you
live in a place where you're never
around them you never get that so
there's benefits to New York for sure
culturally there's benefits the just the
just the energy the city and so much
creativity is so much going on yeah it's
even beyond just the money thing it is
the creativity portion we're like
literally everybody everybody that's in
New York is trying to do something yes
they're out there all trying to make
something happen yes whether they're you
know if they're trying to become a
banker they're trying to become the
number one fuckin banker in the country
they're trying to become the best at
that and that that energy of success
it's really that's really good and
that's why I'm happy I wanted one level
I'm happy I'm raising my kid in the city
because of that and the other level it's
like I want my kid to build a fucking
treehouse he's all about the treehouse
he can't go out in the house without
somebody being right there show him some
shit on the weekends take him places in
the weekends where he could be around
the woods so you could get like the best
of both worlds
there's definitely a there's a benefit
to being in a city where you're a kid or
an adult there's definitely a benefit
the negative part is this depreciation
of value of life people there's so many
people you don't think of them as being
as important they're they're a hindrance
as much as they are like a nice thing to
see yeah well there's so many homeless
people - mm-hmm and there's a homeless
woman who basically stands on my corner
and just begs for change every day and
my son was with me the other day and
this woman she's like hey do you have
any money for a sandwich and I was like
no sorry I don't today I'm gonna keep on
walking and then my hell with town like
Sunday's like Ted that's really sad she
doesn't have money for a sandwich and
I'm like she has every fucking day jams
every day yes okay and I'd explained to
him I was like I was like well you know
look I can't give her money every single
day and it's like you know what I do
have a dollar though I was like why
don't we go back and give her a dollar
and it was like no I get it now
I swear God he stopped me from giving
her the dollar well if the world was
just one if there was only one person
like that and that was the only issue
just one lady just need some help you'd
be uh we'll just help her yeah but when
there's a million of them you know like
I can't help I just can't do this I got
to keep going I gotta concentrate on my
own shit yeah that's like that's a
microcosm of what happens in a city if
that lady was in a small town she would
be the the crazy beggar lady people
would probably like figure out a way to
help her cans
something yeah some people the problem
is is just like humans some humans when
you give them that as an option just
begging like there's guys who do it and
there was a whole Sanford when I lived
in San Francisco there was a news report
thing about this guy was doing it for a
living he was making a lot of money a
lot of money yeah
just begging and he was essentially
saying there's nothing wrong with it
it's totally legal and I just make up
stories and have people donate money to
me and I think of it as like an
occupation so he was weird listening to
him talk about it because he was telling
this lady who was the reporter lady was
telling her how she could do it too and
you know how he was doing it but he was
making like a decent living couple
hundred bucks a day yeah I'm sure I
remember cuz it was a kid but I remember
listen like oh this motherfucker he's
just faking it I don't in a weird way I
I appreciate the hustle I don't look i
watch my mom on well if i remember as a
kid watching my mom collect a welfare
check and sitting in the room smoked
cigarettes did not work and i remember
as a little kid being like that's not
right i was like what are you doing just
work do something else we could be in a
better situation just from way too young
having that thought right but in a weird
way I I appreciate the guys hustle he's
figured out a way to thrive sorta it's
not nothing to be proud of you know he
shouldn't be bragging about it but at
the same time like it's just a different
system it's a different game we if you
disconnect from sort of like you know
whatever were you know he's a con artist
there's not never a good thing having
someone who's lying to everybody all the
time
I appreciate the con artists I really do
they're boring
yeah yeah it's boring it's boring just
figure it out stupids
authority figure they just find in
lemmings that's all they're doing
they're finding lemmings they're finding
people that don't know any better people
that what's three-card Monte come on
I'll show you
well that's all the homeless lady is
doing she there's now look I've been in
New York City since 2001 I've sewed a--
sensitized to homeless people that i'd
there's no part of me that feels bad i
just will walk on sorry i can't keep on
going but what happens is you get there
they're looking for the person who moved
there a week ago they're looking for the
tourists they're looking for the person
who's looking for a nice people and
they're they're there so it's sort of
like that's but that's not the same
thing like that lady might just be crazy
she's not a con artist con artists are
people lying and pretending they listen
my car broke down my wife and kid
haven't had anything to eat in 24 hours
and i'm really in a bad situation i
would never do this but i just asked you
if you could just give me five dollars
any guy saw that yeah i man sure i'm
sorry
here's five dollars next person hey man
I need to go take this flight to see my
mom she's dying of cancer little change
usually they have less old and they'll
change all the time well I had a guy do
that to me in New York when I first
moved there and now this guy he was
wearing a suit
young white guy wearing a suit he's like
did I miss my bus back home was here for
a job interview
you know I'm just trying to get money
for a bus ticket back home and I was
glad to hear a couple bucks whatever and
then the next day and Union Square same
fucking kids same suit same story
because they learn it like a sales pitch
so they know the beats up they know
exactly what to say you see it went on
the subway when they got on the subway
they have an actual script you know so
it's like you know I don't mean to beg
you know but my wife is blah blah blah
and you see them every day going down
the car and it if you ever done a sales
job a good sales script is pretty good
you're just sort of fishing you're
playing the numbers your ear instead of
sort of adding a motion to it and
changing the story and doing all these
different things and putting too much
thought into it you go I'm just gonna
run the script and close one out of 20
people that walk by stupid yeah no it's
not only benefit is that you grow up
around people that are full of shit and
you learn how to spot people that are
full of shit so it benefit I mean that's
just annoying I agree with you but I
also can't appreciate it I can I can
appreciate a good hustler I appreciate
there goes out and gets a fucking job
you don't just lie to people everywhere
with some stupid story about how you
missed your bus
together pussy stop mooching money from
people that's gross well what about it's
gross what about a guy who sells his CD
on the street that's maybe a bit
different because he's offering
something he has his art nobody had a CD
player you do now the CD player I do
don't want up top
I got a refurbished laptop this guy in
Columbus you're still reminded me I
completely forgot about him
he was known as the rapping bum but or
help is on the way
in 15 20 years at Ohio State didn't this
guy be on the high street which is like
the main strip and he had this all these
rhymes he would constantly go to it it
always ended with help is on the way but
I don't remember a lot of them but he
always said help is on the way
ended like it was like his punchline
like help is on the way he had t-shirts
made about him I think people someone I
really recorded him at one point in like
2005 or 6 but you remember when they
found that homeless dude that had that
crazy radio voice yeah that was in
Columbus too was it yeah oh yeah he came
a jog went right back to the pipe yeah
yeah fuck today well you can't can't fix
him like that voice was fire though it's
very good voice yeah great voice radio
voice you got a lot of smooth yeah and
he just wound up going right back to
being a homeless person well do that I
mean it's not it's gonna sound very
insensitive but most of the time it's
not bad luck right you know it's sort of
the decisions you make and I'm not
saying that you can't have a bad
situation and you can't you know there's
bad luck in the sense that some people
are born into you know affluent
households some people are born into
poverty but this is him you know this
him let's here
thank you so much god bless you he was a
radio guy by the time it works yeah and
then he fell on her well and don't
forget tomorrow morning is your chance
to win a pair of tickets to see this man
live in concert I have a theory I think
doing that for a living makes you
fucking crazy
that's what I think I think if you have
that fake voice eventually you just snap
you know I can't do this anymore I can't
talk like this I can't have this fake
voice yeah blow a fuse and that guy blew
a fuse Nations have you done that a lot
in your career
no I've voiced over a couple things but
not nothing serious it's such a weird
like another hustle like you're like
that's a whole world in comedy we're
like guys are everyday going out and
doing voiceover auditions and trying to
be a voice in some commercial there so
it's so disconnected from creativity
mm-hmm like there's no party everyone
first are common I started reading these
like books on things you could do
because this before podcasting was even
a thing and it was like you could do
stand-up you could try to get corporate
gigs you could try to write jingles for
commercials or write Hallmark cards that
was one of the things these books this
this chick who wrote all these books oh
I know Judy Brown is that what it is
you're so close it's not Judy Brown
you're close something like that fuck
yeah so she and the wrote books on how
to do stand-up it was work books it was
like the hell was her name she's the one
who did it yeah yeah yeah she had a
bunch of them but there was like no real
evidence of her being good at comedy no
none of them are gonna comedy something
how do you just fuck there was a but
here's the deal for people listening
don't know what the fuck were talking
about there was literally no books on
how to do stand-up there was no books
there was a couple books written by
comics and they were almost always
tongue-in-cheek like Belzer Richard
Belzer wrote a book on how to do
stand-up and just gave you some like
joke advice for the most part Carter
Judi Carter Carter yep so she wrote
these books and how did you stand up and
everybody bought those books everybody
they wanted to try to just stand up
bought those books yeah everyone you
seemed a comedy greenroom still a lot
just like like on a shelf somewhere yeah
and they would give you like exercises
so she'd be like go get a newspaper and
write ten premises out of the newspaper
today you know it's not look the reality
is if you're not a funny person and
you're still trying to pursue a path and
that's not yeah
shut that off maybe she's funny I'm just
joking impedence of all so goddamn
sensitive these days yeah
you'll find that it's like what we do
honestly a podcast just in the realm of
talking shit this is one of the last
bastions of actual shit talking yeah
when we we smoked weed you sit back and
chill half like half the fight companion
podcast that we do we want it being
completely blitzkrieg hammered by the
time it's over oh yeah you're talking
shit live and there's not in real time
and if I put a microphone in front of
you for 10 hours a week you're gonna say
something stupid you gonna say a lot
more stupid shit than I say yeah way
more stupid shit
okay sure but your point it's like what
Patrice said is so pertinent it's so
important that it all comes from the
same place or there hits or misses like
when you just try to be funny you're
just trying to be funny yeah that's all
you're trying to do you're not trying to
hurt anybody and sometimes to be funny
the funniest thing to say is the most
fucked up thing or the thing that's
making why I suspect rolls all the time
because you know people say mean shit
about me on the Internet and I'm and I I
go what no it's not about me that's the
funniest thing to say in that moment and
they're trying to be their comedy fans
they're trying to be funny so the and I
yet when you step back in tow tickets
are personal you kind of go like oh I
get why that's funny it also fits in
with what you do yeah and that's what
you do so it sort of fits in there you
jump it in most balls then that's the
other thing you don't realize shanked
yeah I mean what the fuck is anybody
expecting from that name well that's why
we don't get in trouble I think we call
the most offensive podcast on earth
yeah and we say I mean the craziest shit
you could possibly sound a podcast it's
nuts
it's actually you're never gonna get a
network gig no we Dec we got a pilot
deal with truTV last year that's a
mistake by their part yeah they love
that cancel if they put the kibosh on
that bad boy don't you worry that never
made it to even filming day you don't
know we don't we don't need it with with
the internet today man you don't need
anything
nobody we're not you're right we're
never gonna get a TV deal I told my
agent you don't want it I told my agent
stop setting down acting gigs for ABC
everything's gonna happen
yeah what do these can
then I'm gonna get a gig and I'm gonna
get fired from it and then it's going to
put me in a suit which you sort of open
that can of worms you're sort of labeled
labeled a problem I'd rather work with
people that want to work with me and
sort of get what I do well not only that
do you really have aspirations to be an
actor no I think one of those stupid
things they rope you into it's one of
those stupid things is just wasting time
yeah if they rope you into it because
they like Mitch Hedberg had a whole joke
about it but that comedy is one of the
weird things that if you like do comedy
they expect you to also act yeah you
know I forget the bit and it's another
completely different different things
such a different thing I mean even I'm
like like the the cellular level like
how to start off mm-hmm acting is such a
you go to technique classes and there's
a real art I really appreciate people
are good actors it is a majorly
different thing but for some reason they
group them together like actor and
comedian when it's as different as
hockey player and comedian yeah it is
well not really because if you can act
you could be a comic if you can do
comedy I think you can act I think it's
possible
maybe impossible more likely if you do
comedy you can act this might be my own
bias more likely do you want some weed
you'll have to roll it like a peasant no
well some weird I feel like bring I'll
bring some weed fucking man
he's the best that warchest in the back
that's all we dude we get high for a
year my little boy I love it I don't
really smoke blunts to which is fucking
dope where's the one that we just had is
it this one let's go out ya know get one
that's as fresh as possible that might
be it
that last one might be it Oh
hmm one second ago you're like dude we
got weed for days here roaches -
what's-his-face Action Bronson
oh yeah Action Bronson came in here and
by the time the ashtray was done I had
to take picture of it like this is
ridiculous
this is all his weed I just like seven
joints
I mean blunts just kept got big ones
sticks bats yeah mm-hmm yeah I'm uh I'm
uh I'm a pothead I'm on my morning
dude smoker I was saying I wrote I wrote
last night at uh like one o'clock in the
morning I took edible gave the missus
the business and then afterwards I I had
like I couldn't lay down I was laying
down I was like midnight all these ideas
were rolling through my head I'm like I
know the right thing to do I got to get
up and write and sometimes you write and
just bullshit comes out and there's
nothing there and sometimes you're right
you just hit a vein man whether it's a
creativity vulnerability life
experiences thoughts recent things in
the news everything just comes together
boom and then you have these ideas and
then those ideas could eventually be
bits that's like those moments when you
get an idea or you get the inspiration
to write man as a comic is one of the
most important things that capture you
got a dive on those yeah so you might
have your next closing bit in that
moment it's such a hard that's where the
difference between pros who are
legitimately who really care about the
craft and guys like me who don't fucking
I need to do it more I mean I this the
first time doing this special was the
first time that I ever had to there was
a purpose to doing sand of it was a
fucking hobby before there was nothing I
wasn't working on anything I was running
a race for no reason there was nothing
there was no was doing bits you're just
working on it forever you're like
nobody's asking for this I'm not I'm not
doing late-night sets or putting out an
album and all of those little habits
that they're great do you ever put you
definitely know Gary Gulman who's a
brilliant comic Gary forever I'm sure
you do unbelievable guy I didn't know
him from Boston and met him out here a
man might I think I met him at the
laughs act
he's the fucking man but he's gone his
Twitter he does like a writing tip every
day Oh beautiful and he's got these
really cool writing tips for young
comics if you're young comic you should
go follow Gary Gulman because he's great
but he has these just little great
little tips where it's like when you're
writing down your your jokes leave a
space between each line so then you can
go in and fill in different words later
and it gets very specific like that
um and I think putting in those little
habits and just making it a genuine rule
where you say every morning I'm going to
get up and I'm going to write for one
hour I'm going to commit to that whether
I feel motivated or not you will
eventually reap a lot of benefits and I
think a lot when I started doing comedy
it was like it wasn't are these really
these are the some of the last most
recent ones he did he said Oh Brittany
wrong time it's okay to bomb taking
risks is essential oh it's good for him
there's also I think there's a Twitter
called advice for writers that's
interesting here's the number one thing
though here's number one right just do
it just get out there and make it happen
just start moving you got to force
yourself to sit in front of a notepad or
whatever it is for X amount of time of
day have a fucking timer set it make
sure you do it and then if that timer
goes off you're still working keep going
if you can if you feel it keep going but
make yourself do it if you just make
yourself do it that's more important
than anything else all that other stuff
the other stuff is good it's all good to
have structure and understanding but the
number one thing people have a problem
with is doing it it's like talking about
exercise but not exercising you know
saying well it's like I think the other
thing is with social media you have the
the tendency to say oh I'm going to just
tweet this and then you don't really
work the joke the same way you would if
you were sitting down and trying to work
a joke cause you're trying to fit it
into a certain amount of characters
you're trying to make it funny in a
certain way when you're not gonna get
them maximum and that's where I think a
problem where I have well my college you
know I'll just go and tweet this or I'll
put it on Instagram or whatever it is
but yeah I think that's another I think
I'm sort of turning a corner now where
I'm starting to look at that process
more that's fun two men tweet jokes are
great nothing wrong that a lot of people
have become famous for having a really
good Twitter account when they say funny
shit nothing wrong with that but you got
it right for yourself man like writing
for yourself is everything it's
everything it's the one thing that we
tend to fuck off on you know so one
thing the I like to reinforce it used to
listen back on steps and everything I'd
listen to in my car I have them I listen
to them on the way if I'm working on
some new shit to try oh yeah I don't
forget that part
hope make sure you pause there make sure
you maybe if you emphasize this first I
think I figured a bunch is right there
yeah yeah but it's like doing an extra
set so I say if you do three sets a
night but you record three sets at night
and you listen to two sets a night now
you did five sets a night yeah it is
like it cuz you're in that mindset may
be even more beneficial like not
beneficial in terms of like you know
that groove that you get in when you
just loose on stage and everything's
flowing like the only way to get there I
think or the only way I know how to get
there I should say is I have to do a lot
of stand-up if I don't do a lot of
stand-up there's always this weird
feeling of awkwardness that you have to
overcome at the beginning yeah when you
do a lot of stand-up right away you can
be loose and that is essential for
getting the material crossed the best
way but you probably can get a lot of
work done on top of that if you listen
more guys don't like the listen it
sounds gross listen to yourself like
shut up stupid you're so annoying and
fake we're watching backup especial
editing it myself I was with it with an
editor obviously but you start to hate
it and the more time you have with it
you're taking more things out you're
noticing more things wrong any you'll
eventually whittle it down to nothing I
think I think that's probably a good
sign
you know my taste is is better than I am
as a comedian like substantially like I
I have impeccable taste in comedy like
the guys who I look up to Patrese Dave
Attell you know these are the best of
the best in my opinion and you know that
I sort of hold myself to that standard
and I'll never be there in my mind and
I'm probably in most people's months but
I'll never fucking you know that those
are the best and you start to hate it
and that's a that's a very difficult
painful process that I think most people
most people even if you don't do
stand-up go listen back anybody older
listen to this think about when you
still put answering machine messages we
still do with your voicemail how many
times you go back and oh god I sound
like a fucking idiot you do yeah again
and again and again and you've done it
30 times and yeah I think that's just
sort of natural yeah if you care about
what you do you're gonna hate it
you know Alexander Gustafson said
something like that one so he's one of
the UFC's top light heavyweights and he
was talking about being a professional
fighter that as a professional athlete
he was never satisfied he still is never
satisfied like nothing's ever good
enough and this is just the mindset that
you have
to be an elite athlete and I think
anything you're really trying to do
you're gonna pick it apart and as you're
picking it apart you're gonna find stuff
that you hate you guys still find stuff
that you love too this like the balance
of doing too many sets you know when you
do too many sets and you get stale
you're a flat that's not good either
oh yeah well when you're just going
through the same thing yeah you know
where the punches come you feel like
they now it's like you feel like they
know that's part of it cuz you know so
it's hard for you to be in the moment
cuz it's like you've heard it too many
times so you don't want to say it again
well I I think about this like you know
it must be crazy for you because every
show you do there's somebody that
probably fuckin followed you from the
next city and are you ever conscious
that or you were thinking like fuck did
I know that guy he saw this bit and it
just for one dude it meant for me one
dude I'm like fuck do I want to do that
bit now I'm like you know I don't want
to do it and as I start saying and I'm
scared the crowd I find his eyes and
like I'm a fucking hack
I'm so bad but that's the process that
you have to go through and you know
that's stanhope yelled at a guy to stop
coming and sitting in the front row like
because he did a second show and the guy
was there for the second show too in the
same spot it's like what the fuck you
can't do that yeah yeah that it can
definitely mess your head it the
illusion of you being in the moment
talking about these subjects is out the
window if someone saw you do it the
exact same way three hours and that's
the magic trick if you know the sleight
of hand
yep doesn't matter if you know what's
gonna happen you just see it every
single time yeah but there's some people
that love the process I've met these two
ladies in Austin that travel around the
world listening to stand up they went to
see Ari in Iceland and I think they saw
him in the UK - they're like fans of
awesome process of comedy and they said
that they were at the the Comedy Store
like a week before when I did a set
there and then they came to the shows in
Austin because that's where they live
but they travel around watching comedy
and they wanted to talk about the
process of it it's really interesting
because it they'll get to see all these
different sets they'll get to see sets
where things don't go so great it's that
sets we switch it up and thing click
you'll see that at the Comedy Store all
the time there's people that go there
like two or three nights a week yeah
they just they it's it's a rare art form
where it one day will be seen by
millions right you put it on whatever
you're on Hulu or iTunes or whatever the
fuck it is Netflix if you're on Netflix
you're gonna be seen by millions of
people like but a hundred and fifty can
watch practice yeah and the same ones
can watch you practice it's awesome by
the way it's awesome like I you
mentioned watching George st. Pierre
train before or and being coachable I
got to watch GSP training with Hanzo
Gracie and John Danaher at ENSO School
in New York City this is when I just
started podcasting this is like nine
years ago I used to do a show called
hammer fisting to give people that's
like watching Herschel Walker
play football or get coach like be on
the field with him if you were a fan of
football yeah like wow yeah I'm talking
about like as far as you guys are for me
I'm watching them train I'm watching
both of them give him like it was really
cool it's a really really cool thing um
wait how do we even get there I'm sorry
I'm talking about him being coachable
and him listening and you watched him
train with never even get to the George
st. Pierre how to get back to their what
we were talking about before that and
some arrows and columns and being able
to watch it from there like the training
process oh right so we have a comedy
it's like that Thank You Jamie it's
fucking do you've had enough I don't
know what you pay but it's not enough
the the
that process was an amazing thing to
watch now if I went to it and I paid
$600 for a front row seat and I was like
I'm watching a fight right now and I'm
watching a George st. Pierre UFC
champion fight I would be vastly
disappointed with that experience I
would go this isn't this isn't what I'm
paying for and I think when people come
to comedy clubs they think they're
paying for the big fight night the big
fight nights especial the big fight
nights which you're the album you're
recording whatever it is basically
everything leading up to that but to a
certain degree I think if you're
headlining there's on the road doing an
hour there's a certain responsibility
they're paying a heavy price ticket for
a real show but they should have a
higher they should have at least a
little bit of an understanding that
they're watching the process and if they
understood it they would appreciate it
more you would they would be oh oh shit
I get even though I heard this guy do
that joke before I noticed the nuance
and I noticed the difference some
though some people won't want to hear
the new shit but that's cool to just sit
around and wait dye shoes that just
fucking do the hits how cool would that
be
yeah he used to get these to get angry
if you didn't do the hits like the
African seal I think they saw quite a
hot pocket yeah like he has to I think
he has to I think Bert Kreischer has to
tell the Machine story still right story
it's half the hour doesn't he still tell
that story I think sure how's that story
I'm sure well people will be mad the
bride has taken to taking his shirt off
in the original room at the Comedy Store
as well it wasn't they would save the
shirt off for the main room but now he's
taken to the next level so it's he takes
his shirt off a media since Starbucks
and sure they're way too close to him so
they all get uncomfortable they're like
what are you doing I wish I was
comfortable being that doggie if I if I
could be comfortable being fat I would
be so happy because I was a fat kid
growing up then I got in really good
shape in my mid to late 20s got sort of
even right exercise and got really into
it
and now every winter I get fat every
summer I get back in shape and I just
yo-yo back and forth and cold weather
life and it's a Europe yeah you're right
it is because I I don't want to sweat
you don't you know no Joe you never been
a fat guy and I don't want to hear this
war shit oh you were fat when you're in
your teens never fat okay you don't know
what it's like I don't know it's walking
upstairs
and having your you could you could feel
your ass sweating you could feel your
thighs sticking together it's it's just
an uncomfortable life knowing that like
if you're eating something in public
that there are other people there are
health conscious looking at you and
judging you and I know that because I've
been on the other side because now when
I watch fat people on the subway eating
potato chips I'm like even if I'm fat
I'm slow
put them away what are you doing yeah
why are you killing yourself with that
nonsense and they probably taste
delicious unbelievable in the moment
right some barbecue what kind of what is
that stuff when you get barbecue chips
what is what is barbecue first of all it
does not taste like barbecue it has a
taste and that taste is barbecue potato
chip taste it's not Barbican orange dust
whatever the flavor is your grape flavor
is doesn't taste like but if someone
gives you a basic grape bubble gum be
like oh this is grape like bitch this is
a dealing of grape yeah and then our
that is true so true yeah orange soda
get bitch that is not orange like what
is that this is not the taste of orange
at all this is like orange yeah I uh
that's I have a me I do food it's so
fucking bad dude
why is barbecue potato chips what the
fuck is that taste because that's a
weird taste right that does not taste
like Barb's not that I tell you this
much it does not grow on the earth
whatever it is it's some long words and
some scientific sounding shit that
methylalanine yeah mile Fisk of pain
should not be putting into your body oh
there's got to be some trans fats and
then bitches - oh come on Joe mm still
outstate trans fats let's get in there
though you could say trans trans is okay
you don't don't deviate with new sounds
with your face yeah and mean the exact
same thing or people get furious no
trans fats are okay trans fat he'll get
mad at you you say it too much like do
you just get off on saying translation
trans fats also trainees have great
senses of humor I ever hung out a lot of
them whatever every trans person that I
know and I I'm friends with two that I'm
pretty close with and I know a handful
get it well and yet they have great
sense of humor gay people have great
sense of humor black people Hispanic
people all the people all these
protected groups have great senses of
humor if you little black room and do
racist jokes what would be deemed as
racist jokes by young liberal white
people they love it dude they fucking
bounce off the walls or having a blast
it's all good jokes yes yes but that's
just but they're not typically offended
but boo you off stage but they're not
going like this person needs to lose
their job I'm highly offended by these
jokes yeah I don't I never see that I
never see a black person or Hispanic
person being the one actually
complaining about something it's always
some fucking annoying white chick some
fucking barbecued chip fan yeah what's
in that stuff what is barbecue chips
what is that barbecue shit barbecue
flavor like paprika mesquite smoked
flavor that's tracked garlic powder and
the MAL dextrose all that mal dextrose
that's a sugar right is that some kind
of a sugar
it is a weird acceptance that the
barbeque chip flavor we accept that
flavor it's great but it does not taste
like fucking barbecue I've never I would
never go with barbecue barbecue chips
never I'll take them every time barbecue
is the only sauce it's that thick sauce
yes like hot I guess sausage sure is sea
salt and vinegar if you want some potato
chips I'll fuck up some sea salt and
vinegar I'd say so I'm pepper that's
good too it's not bad that's good to get
some vinegar almonds yeah um why sea
salt why am I so pretentious I want
myself from the ocean I don't see salt I
don't know if I could taste the fucking
difference could you tell the difference
by the way I'd like to know if I can
yeah I bet Himalayan salt tastes a
little different maybe what do you think
probably right probably looks a little
different you could probably do it you
could probably a difference between all
three of those if you did a blind taste
test
I would I would beg to disagree dude if
you want to cook a steak especially a
ribeye and you don't have kosher salt
you don't know what the fuck you're
doing you want that thick ass what makes
a kosher salt that I don't know is
actually kosher Jews use magic the Jews
are praying over weed it's weed Joe the
date I've killed like at least four
laptops that's one of the reasons why I
switched to a Windows laptop I have a
Lenovo not just for the best keyboard
but also because the fucking things are
waterproof like how does Apple not have
waterproof computers you know spill your
coffee on your Apple computer that shit
is dead also the other iPhone is not
waterproof
I've watched five friends go yeah it's
waterproof and there's duncan in water
and then it goes off coffee kelly did
that my girlfriend did that we were in
Jamaica she's like it's more of perfect
and she starts taking these photos of
the waves coming up to the phone so it's
like half in the water and half
thousands and it's oh my god that's it
it's all about distant yeah water
resistant if it's raining it's fine and
you make sure you have the one that's
water resistant like you might not have
you might have an older model yeah look
I have an iPhone
try the ocean but the fucking laptops
they'd short out I've shorted out how
many Jamie how many am I killed five six
easily six months at least killed for
laptops one time I'm leaving skanks I
was drinking red wine
Louis J Gomez Louis J go thirsty just
Louis J go masters blessing red wine and
I knocked it over at big Jay BJ just
bought a brand new pair of sneakers like
a hundred and fifty dollars sneakers
Jays Jays deep down inside he's trashed
so he like you know he needs expensive
things to make himself feel good but
these were beautiful white sneakers just
got them and the wine they literally the
entire glass fell into the laptop I mean
literally all the liquid disappeared
into the laptop right um and one splash
just went splat right on the front of
her shoe oh right on that red wine
that's it and he couldn't be mad because
my $1600 laptop had just been destroyed
so he couldn't bike on my hundred fifty
dollar shoes
Wyatt laptop's all fucking waterproof
that's what I'm saying like fix that
stupid did they just want to make a lot
of money in repairs is that what it is
maybe planned obsolescence they know
people are gonna be dumb there's an
Apple listen listen folks job just gotta
make better keyboards your keyboards are
dog shit also the volume on the the
MacBook Air is garbage what do you say
Jamie hey I just saw someone tweet about
that today there's like a an article
someone wrote Apple doesn't like from
their stance they don't buy that it's a
big problem the keyboard issue oh but
that's a breaking keyboard the keyboards
suck even if they work perfectly
they suck for writing there's no there's
no travel it's a very short travel and
they're flat like they know it doesn't
feel good for your hands you know I
think you just get used to it that's
what stupid it's you shouldn't have to
get used to it like if you like a lenovo
keyboard it's so much better today you
know it is that i think their whole
thing was apples to sort of butterfly
keyboard a personal journey yeah the
feel of it right it's what feels very
smooth when you touch it we take an
almond box if you I'll tell you what it
is
it's the way it looks they like the fact
that it looks really thin and really
sleek so they made these keys as shallow
as possible so they just click so
everything's real small and looks sleek
as fuck that's what it is it's not for
function if they had function there'd be
like a little dip to the center of the
key so your fingers would fit in it
normally and there would be some travel
because when you have some travel with
your keys then your fingers get a better
sense of what you're doing and you're
more precisely Italian you need your
hands moving around more you need better
precision it's more precise whether or
not you're touching something you get
better feedback so you can type better
but I show it in like words per minute
when they show like people who are like
really good typist how many words per
minute they can do with a really good
keyboard versus a flat shallow keyboard
so even experienced like high level
typist are way better with like
something that hasn't traveled if I try
to type on a regular keyboard right now
it would feel like it's an alien thing
because I'm so used to it now yeah Wow I
guess you can get used to it but I don't
even mean like a regular keyboard like
just a lot like a laptop keyboard it
doesn't have to be like some crazy
teacher but just have enough extra
travel there's like a number they think
it is like 1.5 millimeters or something
like that and they would like like
anything between 1.5 and 2 millimeters
is good you get that travel and you get
a feeling of it
yeah and it's a lot of feedback anything
shorter than that is bad so you're
saying it's actually a better writing
experience your Phoebe is easier it's
easier to write like your fingers find
the keys better I'm not a good typer but
I'm half decent don't look at the keys
1967 I've been in love doing those I did
those Mavis based bacon teaches typing I
did all those little courses where it's
like a game that you play ok receipt it
no let's call it it's really cool like
like they make it like a little game
like things will go across the screen
and you have to type it with your finger
and it shows you like a map of where
your hands are relationship to the keys
and it shows you like where you should
move your fingers and then there's
something will pop up and you're like oh
that's an L there's an L yeah and you'll
you'll start doing this and as you're
doing this you get better and better and
then they ask you to start forming
sentences and after a while you get like
a really good sense of where the keys
are yeah I almost felt that game Guitar
Hero they should have made it with like
a real guitar because I feel like they
can teach people guitar if they made it
a game where they just started
you just sort of like have to hit those
beats your fingers I was getting used to
it Jamie I was in typing class and this
is the thing I just discovered it's
called tap like these little sensors you
put on your fingers and you tap little
gestures and it types for you so you
don't need it you don't need a keyboard
anymore
what in the holy fuck I don't know if it
would be useful I don't know if you'd
like it I mean if you could get used to
it actually be better but it's gonna
suck right now keep your showing a five
minute looks like it's gonna be goddamn
garbage right now the technology sucks
this is a Tom Cruise movie look at this
let's get moving this stuff around with
his fingers this is insane
fuck could be cool I mean you might you
want tactile feedback I'm pure but like
just they could add a little bit of a
vibration maybe and that could be enough
I don't know look it's entirely possible
that these typers if you left them alone
with one of those shallow keyboards
eventually they could get used to it and
they would put their there you know
numbers of words per minute just back up
to where it was before but for me it's
just easier experience I don't use any
of them this the new technology like
Alexa or those things that bitch is
listening always oh yeah oh it's crazy
it's over
whenever I've sort of given up like
alright guys you have an online profile
everything I type in is online
everything we say it's being picked up
stores are eventually going to have just
Alexa and their own versions of whatever
that is where you just say it into the
air and it's all listening and it's all
going into a database and you know I
eventually I think what they're gonna do
is they're gonna have both the
technology to like go through podcasts
and find the no no words of an algorithm
to go back and start listening to what
you're not supposed to say so I'm
kicking old content off the internet
that's go that's that's very close to on
the way guaranteed I'm sure
yeah we're in the middle of a hurricane
of new technology yeah no I mean it's
gonna be really really interesting to
see what these I mean the guys wearing
virtual reality goggles typing on his
arm
you know what moving things around some
virtual desktop that's like straight out
of a futuristic film right I I'm
interested to see where it's gonna go
that's Minority Report right
I mean Minority Report they didn't have
they just did it on the screen and we
were like that is insane that is insane
but that's like you know Windows 13 or
something yeah it's actually not
impressive anyway what you watch
Minority Report now you're like okay
it's a fucking touchscreen you needed
all those those psychics
yeah we need yeah if you have psychics
that can predict crimes what in the fuck
kind of weird body slavery was that
dicks strapped into a tub all day like
what was that is that what they want
yeah how do they not see this coming
that they're gonna get roped into being
covered in milk and left in that pool
was a weird fucking weird fucking move
yeah right like they needed those people
to figure out crime right isn't that how
they did it that was the idea but you
didn't have free will anymore like the
idea that those people are like I forget
with a special like like x-men type repo
recog they have an ability yeah magic
powers but yeah I guess the rest in the
future be like well why wouldn't you go
to this guy and say don't commit the
crime and then the day passes he doesn't
give it the crime and you ya say hey man
I know you're gonna go rob this bank and
it's really gonna fuck up your life and
everybody else's life so don't go
robbing the bank so I have to get in a
shootout with the cops yeah what the
fuck is barbecue potato flavor this new
Amazon store I don't know if these are
fully out yet but this is the way it's
gonna work like this guy walks and he
scans his phone one like basically like
it turns to like you're walking into a
subway that sort of lets the store know
you're there yeah and you don't pay for
anything else can walk out boom it sort
of knows what yeah and charges you off
for your account and this is what's
gonna happen for everyone that wants a
minimum wage raised this is coming guys
nobody's gonna be working in these
places this is weird they're gonna
eliminate shoplifting this is a
weird-looking everything in plastic like
that freaks me out I feel like we're in
a movie there's a couple grocery stores
like that here already I don't know if
you're saying well the airport you don't
you don't even deal with people anymore
you just go up and you pick it up and
you scan it out yourself and well Andrew
yang who's running for president on this
universal basic income idea is one of
the things he's doing this for is to
educate people the fact that all these
jobs are going
whay automation is going to take over
many many millions of jobs in this
country we have to be prepared for all
these people essentially being you know
technologies remove them from the
workforce they don't they're not needed
anymore so then they have to figure out
you know what do I do next
and then universal basic income he
thinks would be the bridge and what is
universal is the ideas you get a certain
amount of money for free to live yeah
and I don't know how it works I'm not an
economist I'm a moron all right I am I'm
not smart yeah I don't understand the
numbers I don't get if he's right or if
he's wrong I'm not to God and I don't
have the time I'm not gonna invest in it
but it's a debate and the debate is if
this is coming what do you do about it
it's not whether or not it's coming it's
pretty pretty likely that it's coming oh
yes pretty likely that all these people
are gonna be out of work Automation is
gonna take over for driving it's gonna
take over a lot of factors but right now
there's you don't have you do not order
from a human being you type it into a
kiosk they send it over and to be honest
with you it's a better experience it's
better it's cheaper and better so at
what point do you go like I'm not like
look I'm that's fine you know I
understand there's some kid who lost his
Taco Bell job but if it's a better way
it's a better experience for the
customer spending money
yeah I get it man the thing is it's
happening so fast people aren't going to
be prepared for it they're gonna think
that a certain amount of jobs gonna be
available and then a vast number of
those are not going to be around anymore
so his idea is the way you bridge the
gap is you give people something that
meets their needs like your need for
food and shelter just give them enough
so that they everything else they make
they get to keep it's theirs and let
them give them like a boost and the idea
is that doing this would save money long
term in a bunch of different ways it's
all it's a lot of its theory why pay
less in taxes with this question if
that's the case then I'm all for it
does it always that though like here's
the thing we never know we don't get an
audit of where our taxes go right we
have no idea I have no idea what the
fuck - goes right it's distributed
throughout if it went and you knew that
it made an impact it really did make a
difference and like you knew that the
people that are taking your type there's
no waste and they're really trying to
make the world a better place
oh yeah but they just like a little bit
of your money you'd be like okay you're
trying to make the world a better
like clearly these people are making the
world a better place yeah
if you knew that for sure and you felt
that for sure you like I like the
attitude behind this is very community
oriented we're gonna fix the United
States here take some that'd be great
but it's not that lessons renewed over
the phone and see the amount of people
you have to talk to the amount of times
you get hung up on the amount of times
you have to call back and you realize
there's all of these wasted jobs all
these people that don't need to be there
and it's to be honest with you everyone
is sort of protecting that there's like
an entire industry of people that work
forty-five minutes per day and they like
it that way they don't want to have any
type of real passion this is what they
do so yeah everyone sort of this I want
you to the entertainment industry all
the time like we create these shows and
we do these things and you know you guys
have a very popular show if this was a
studio run shelf this was run by ABC Joe
Rogan experience change nothing if what
you know what they would do
there'd be literally 20 people behind
cameras right now clipboards there'd be
people on walkie-talkies there'd be
headsets all of these jobs that don't
need to be there guaranteed have you
ever gone to one of the in there's a lot
of studios in LA where it's like just
sort of corporate one podcast studios
man there's ten people behind the camera
what are you doing I did Bill Simmons
HBO show a really nice guy yeah you know
is that big podcast I don't know it now
you know right Jamie yeah and I was we
basically did a podcast just with
cameras and but there was like 30 people
there yeah there are all these people
that are doing this and that and like
every other studio job
yeah and who's stepping up nobody
stepped up going hey guys I'm not really
needed here just so you know I'm gonna
get back way Mel there's Union gigs too
by the way like if you want to have
lighting and you want to have cameras
you have to use these guys and this is
how even if you don't need them you
would have to use it it's it's
interesting and on one hand for the
longest time I think people didn't have
as many opportunities you know you you
really if you wanted to do something no
matter what it would be whether it's a
television show or you wanted to be a
host of a talk show or whatever the fuck
it was there's not that many paths
there's only a couple of avenues there's
only a few channels there's only a few
slots ever right from those shows but
it's not the case anymore man yeah this
is not the case there's a fucking
million different channels and if you
get roped into that old mentality like
there's still a few are those old
vampires that claim to that old system
you know and they they would rather you
come do it on television they'll chop it
up every 15 minutes put a big fat it's
crazy I don't like because I was on
Sirius XM for a while doing a show and
it's just like are you
they fired Apollo you're out of here
crazy shit we crazy shit that's what you
hired no I uh it was me and Bisping and
Bisping kept on just not showing up he
was like done with it basically and they
try to match me up with like some
football player and I was like me
embezzler here's gonna start a podcast
and now we're doing literally 50 times
as good I mean worse I mean it's not
even close but it's they have all these
who there's three producers in the
studio we have it's just all of like the
the like the spirit and the fun part and
the entertaining part of it is sort of
sucked out of it you're a very specific
segment and its regimented and your
producers have to know exactly what
you're going with the next thing you're
like so we're not gonna get anywhere
cool or interesting if we're this
regimented yeah if we're if you're not
letting allowing us to sort of play
you're not gonna really and this is why
I think you know radio is is getting
destroyed by podcasts right now every
you see Sirius XM never gonna shit we
got a sort of podcast network they're
starting their own podcast now oh you
know they did they bought Pandora did
they yeah yeah I think so is that true I
believe it's a partnership yeah I think
I heard something like that as well HS
or something like interesting yeah and
it's got fives with Hulu now I just know
you get a free Hulu subscription with
your Spotify it's all crazy they're all
so they don't know what to do now now
they're like podcasting that's a thing
so there's throwing so much money at all
of these companies buying companies for
like hundreds of millions of dollars two
hundred thirty million dollars they just
bought one another company 130 million
it feels like one of those early day
tech boom things yeah everybody's just
like going crazy and spending all this
money whoa whoa whoa whoa okay what are
you doing
placement number 20 well how could you
possibly by the way the company they
bought is just an idea I mean what is it
really it's like we have this idea for
this app and me you know me and my
partner we have it we have our own
podcast network called guest digital and
we've been practicing what they're doing
like we you know we have premium content
that we have on the app in the website
people have to pay for some you should
all of the podcasts are free the latest
15 are free on YouTube and iTunes and
then the on-demand library is a premium
with AD phrase a premium so we insert
the F after the fact uncensored they get
it like a three or four day pre-release
on the episode so there's all these
benefits for becoming a Premium Member
and you know a certain percentage of
people subscribe to the network for the
premium stuff which is great but we've
been putting this into practice for
years now and now we're watching these
companies get whatever $239 rikon you
guys are disgusting okay you guys now we
can't it's over no one's gonna pay for
that they're gonna be connected with you
you guys get too crazy it's your raise
you're a hundred percent right you don't
but that's the beautiful thing it's like
you don't really need that no I don't
want it if somebody put two hundred
thirty million dollars into my company
right now we would have bosses we will
be told we can't say they like are you
crazy did you guys just did you guys
just have a Bill Cosby a rape victim
beauty pageant on Legion askance did
that actually just happen what you did
that was a great episode guys go check
it out we I mean it gets fucking we
seems ridiculous yeah but the point is
that these companies it's they're
showing that they're understanding
there's something going on with the
podcasting world they just throw out a
lot of money of course I mean look if
they're buying really good companies
they're making really good podcast I'm
happy I love podcasts I'm listening to
them I hope they do well but it's just
shocking and obviously I'm not a
business person so maybe there's some
you're very much a business person to it
maybe there's some sort of a grand plan
maybe there's like some sort of a
podcast battle going on between like
Apple and Spotify and streaming services
people are doing premium shit to where
they're buying out podcasts and they're
only putting it on where you have to be
a subscriber for Spotify or whatever
else it is which is strange because it
type shit yeah this podcast grow by
Sheeran you have to
the cherem you know you people have to
be able to download it for free they
fall in love with the content and then
that's that they'll come buy a ticket
they'll buy t-shirt whatever it is so I
think it's a little bit at least a
little counterintuitive I don't think
it's a good idea to hide podcasts behind
a paywall I wonder what they're gonna
try to do see Spotify doesn't have to
hide anything behind a paywall but there
are some companies that are trying to do
something behind a paywall and they're
paying for a bunch of different podcasts
and they're gonna launch it like look us
like a network yeah yeah I mean I mean
Kumi does that a little bit with
compound media yeah we're on his network
for a while we were the first show
booked to his network and I think it's a
mistake and I love Anthony and I told
him this I I offered to go work with
Anthony when he first heard the network
I think that he should do what we do if
Anthony put out his shows free he would
be constantly discovered by new people
and then it's figuring out how to get a
higher percentage of people to subscribe
to your premium content and you will
consent can continue to grow that number
and it's just it's just literally every
time I do a podcast there's X amount of
new listeners that are discovering it
for the first time so you have sort of
another opportunity if people aren't
discovering your podcasts at issue but I
think they did start doing some free
episodes on compound yeah free ones up
occasionally look he's a really
brilliant guy he's a fun do - he's one
of the funny and crazy one of the
funniest people period I love working
with Anthony so legend it's a legend I
mean you know we you know I didn't even
grow up on Opie and Anthony I never
listen Opie and Anthony once in my
entire life until after I knew Anthony
and I started listening back to old shit
with like Patrice and Norton's grad I'm
friends with Norton dude when they were
all on together those are some of the
best episodes ever you know Patrice
Norton and Anthony just going crazy
about things no fuck great show man yeah
they that Opie and Anthony taught me how
to do a podcast in a lot of ways I've
heard you say that seems like a hang
yeah I was like oh it doesn't have to be
that structured where someone's got like
a list of questions and they're rattling
it off like that's not fun you know like
a hang is fun you know hang even when it
goes bad it's funny that's the best
that's what Opie and Anthony figured out
which was great it's like when it's bad
it's even better yeah because when
somebody bombs or there's a joke doesn't
go well
the entire room just smashes them and
you do people don't know I don't people
told the joke that didn't go well in a
room of people it's awful and then have
the best comics in the world start
trashing you live on air while millions
of people are listening around the
country oh my god dude it's so good it
also enforced the camaraderie between
comedians and in like that kind of a
form we'd all get together and see like
I'd meet a bunch of different comics at
the show - you meet guys from others
like you might be sitting in with some
comic from Philly right you know you get
to know people that way yeah that they
did that for sure that like that that
that definitely like it enforced it a
little bit you know yeah I mean once
again you know you're sort of having
three or four people that are really
smart that are good at radio good at
broadcasting as well be able to react in
real time you're gonna get these things
you couldn't get it anywhere else you
know it's it's such a yeah and those
guys were some of the best at it
you know the whole the whole way it went
down
you know at the end of it kind of sucked
well really it's the this is it's not
just the birth of podcasting because of
that it's for a couple reasons Opie and
Anthony in my opinion are like the birth
of podcasting one of them was Anthony
built his own studio in his basement
yeah where he did karaoke holding a
machine gun she's like a fucking crazy
dad you know his logo was it looked like
a swastika from afar no I swear to god
he's like if we stop leaning in to the
white supremists tough I'm trying to be
friends with you do you think he's doing
it for us
he's a funny but he's also a 60 year old
Italian guy from Long Island was it look
like what is happening if you talk to
most six-year-old Italian men in Long
Island they're going to have some fairly
controversial views on race and politics
in the country and you know I think he
when he left Sirius XM he leaned a
little bit too much into the political
side and he sort of got you know now
he's pegged as like a right wing guy but
I'm a fucking Puerto Rican kid who was
raised he's definitely right-wing though
he is right-wing but I'm just saying I
don't think that I don't that's not what
I look at when I broadcast with Anthony
I don't talk about politics right we
just talk about whatever we talk about
fucking stupid shit barbecue potato chip
well he'll talk to you about anything
but it'll talk about politics - he's not
a dumb guy no no a smart guy this is
crazy it's fun you know I mean look it's
not perfect no one is yeah I just also
do I don't look at people that number
one I don't give a fuck about it about
what anybody's political views are I
would never hang out with somebody or
not hang out with them based off of what
their political views are if that is
their entire identity then it becomes an
issue because then you're probably an
issue to them right so many people are
to so many people unnecessarily yeah so
much there's so much unnecessary
conflict you know I mean some of its
good but some of us just not you can't
be friends with people you don't agree I
mean Nick DiPaolo disagree with like 75
percent of shit I love the guy I always
love hanging out with him we've known
him forever I never never like never do
I say gods Nick again I love it when he
gets mad about shit damn well you don't
know what fucking Obama dick yeah it's
great he's on that a cameo website you
could just pay him to trash your liberal
friends oh that's fine so fucking funny
he'll just like it was like what are you
like fucking Hillary you fucking faggot
it's in his kitchen yeah it's fucking
great wife beater on yeah but look
Patrice you know I remember I I watch my
son my son's mother was in labor for 30
hours fucking crazy long labor overnight
over the next morning she's like lying
down he's like in the little fucking
another room or whatever I'm watching
like a fan-made Patrice O'Neal
documentary and he's just saying like
the most heinous shit about how women
aren't shit and about how fucking bitch
she needs you and but and I just watched
my son's mother push my son out of her
for 30 hours it was fucking I mean the
whole experience was so mind-blowing and
in my mind I could never in a million
years do what she just did I had this
whole other appreciation for what a
woman is it's like a it blows your mama
you got kids and then Patrice is fucking
up they're just big fat black guys
saying horseshit because he he's fucking
but it's the funniest shit on the planet
yeah the absolute fun nation on the
planet and you can laugh at it you don't
think it matter I don't agree with half
the shitty of most of the shit that he
says all that fucking I looked it I'm an
idiot I don't look
I don't I don't go after women that are
below me I like to go after women that
are above me and that sort of elevate me
make me want to be better I think that's
it's a little check and balance system I
have him for myself you know but you
don't have to be so connected to
whatever the message is you can
literally take it for face value which
is it's just really funny like
undeniably funny yeah he was a monster
and he also he had points really good
psychological insight he knew what made
people tick
he knew what made people say stupid shit
I knew it me people stumble
he's who's a master at understanding
like how to get off controversial ideas
you know you know he was and but his his
contribution for a lot of us was and he
had an extra level of I don't give a
fuck you know like you would see done
roasts he you know he roasts and he was
like you I don't even know why I'm up
here he'll be the one even on my level
yeah it was a Charlie Sheen yes yeah
Charlie Sheen rose again he just went
off-script through the paper and just
that wasn't murdered he's a killer man
and he only did that one because he I
guess he agreed because he said that was
the only guy that he was interested in
roasting like I'm not doing it for the
paycheck Charlie Sheen's a fucking G
yeah well it's just that he's you know
he would he just had this don't give a
fuck style yeah and we all like we all I
think I could be speaking for myself I
appreciate I don't give a fuck style
more than any other style of comedy for
me my favorite shit was like first of
all Joey Diaz but then that when you go
back to the greats like Kinnison and
Hicks and this guy's didn't give a fuck
now they went out they went off and it
was the most fun to watch as a person
who was an audience member for me was
the most fun to watch and I think you
know that's that's the shit that it's
yeah we grew up on that and then society
changes and I'm like no dude I've been
I've been working on this for so long
please let me I have to change my entire
like foundation of what I think is funny
now because and it's almost and that's
why I think guys like Lee Jinu skanks
and the special you guys name it legion
of skanks me and big J okay so big J
would constantly cheat on his wife and
it was like a regular occurrence and she
knew it and everyone know it and one
time we were there and we were hanging
out and we're about to leave they were
in our argument she's like fuck you why
don't you go hang out with your legion
of skanks mm me and big J we were both
playing guitar hero at the time there
was like a big game we both looked at
each other we're like Guitar Hero name
and that's what we named our band
initially in Guitar Hero on was Legion
of skanks and then we're not that
creative so we wrote a script how long
ago is probably 10 years ago 10 years
ago 10 years ago the name and then that
was the guitar or a band maybe even more
probably more you actually way more
because it was right when me and big J
became friends and then we were yeah
Legion of skanks is a great name it's
probably one of the all-time greatest
names of anything right you stop and
think about like bands or television
Legion of skanks that is a great thank
you thank you a great name yeah well I
got to give it a big jackass he
recognized it immediately and then every
project we ever did since then has been
named Legion as ganks until the podcast
worked good move
yeah and it uh yeah it's you know people
know what they're getting they get it
dude they get em to be honest with you
people people want that type of humor
that's the other thing is like it's the
new alternative is like dirty edge
you're ballsy shit well it's what we're
talking about earlier look if you like
punk rock you should be able to listen
to punk rock but if you like the kind of
comedy that some people like aggressive
like outlandish comedy you're like if
that's what you like then you should be
able to enjoy it or not it's up to you
it's like you don't have to like it you
don't have to listen you have to watch
it's not that it makes you immune from
criticism if people don't like it but
you know it's everybody's got different
tastes that's it and and to be honest
with you if I wanted to sit here and
deconstruct everything that could
trigger me in life I'm just not a bitch
I don't I don't sit here and I'm
triggered every moment by the amount of
shit that I've seen in my fucking life
everything triggers me everything
triggers me and
every movie that I watched is if there's
some fucked up scene I can go that
reminds me of some fucked up shit but
you have to appreciate those things
don't you sort of want sort of
everything to be represented and and you
know with comedy when you look at things
like rape jokes is like a big no-no
topic right you can't do rape jokes
anymore and I understand he remembers
bit right which one well I can't say it
shit especially I'm sure he is I'll tell
you about it afterwards that's such a
first time I met I was over there in
Montreal like years ago moons at that
little place yeah how many works yeah
yeah yeah yeah Jimbo's joint yep great
little spot man
but yeah yes rape jokes will work out my
clothes my specialty I'm gonna rip joke
how dare you how dare you try to pass
that off to America but the I can't do
the bit
but the bits excellent remind me and
I'll tell you it off because it's one of
those premises like once you say the
premise it ruins it yeah so you have to
it has to be a very high level but the
woman in the crowd who was raped a month
ago it's like I'm gonna go out I'm gonna
go to a comedy club to feel better she's
not wrong if she's triggered but she
becomes wrong when she tries to take
away the experience from other people
you have to walk away and you have every
right and I feel bad I've had girls come
up to me after shows and be like hey
just so you know that really bothers me
this is why right and it's a some grape
joke or whatever it is right how many
rape jokes you got at least 70% of my
act I do I really know I'd say no I do
close my act with a 10-minute rape joke
yeah you just said that but I mean how
many rape jokes like overall do you have
at times I say the rape or is it no like
bits I mean really just that one raped
it's a long bit though so it's a lot of
jokes with in it and I'm being raped in
the joke most of the time okay so that's
you know that's that's why it's a guy
being raped it knows but I you know I
don't want I don't want to ruin the bit
either but I think you have to I respect
the fact that people can be triggered
but it's a very strange thing to me
because for me I'm always trying to find
something really funny from this dark
shit right whether it's a personal
experience or whatever it is
and the way we're looking at as comics
is we're trying to find something really
positive out of something really shitty
and then you're like a movie which is
just there maybe so fucked up seeing
there's nothing look at it's a positive
rise to the content a get to one person
talking yeah I know it's a scene you're
watching people act out a scene you're
right there's something very personal
about one person talking that's why this
is mean it's not this is how some people
would look at it like you should talk
about things that you really care about
while you're doing that mmm cuz you only
have a certain amount of time to do it
you know and some sometimes sometimes
sometimes you you have a bit it's just
not worth it you know like the way
people react to it it's just like you
know even though you have a point it's
like even working this bit out people
getting so upset it's almost not worth
it no it has to be a net positive the
crowd has to be laughing so there's no
you know I'm okay I will defend
somebody's right to tell a shitty joke
you know I'm saying but at the same time
I understand if as a performer you have
to gauge the audience and put your
finger in the air and go okay which way
is the wind blowing right now the
reality is you can't say things you used
to say you can't say faggot on stage
anymore in a crowd in New York or LA you
can't say that word the crowd will
tighten up and shut down you'll ruin the
rest of whatever that joke is so it's
obviously haven't seen Diaz recently say
whatever he wants but I at a point I oh
I would you know I have a joke about you
know my my dog I used to say my faggot
dog because he's looking another male
dog's asshole on the joke and and people
would shut down at that word and it's
really too much with in New York in LA
that's where the biggest faggots live
the rest of the country is cool if you
go anywhere else they don't really give
a shit about words like that but in New
York and LA it's become a particularly
hard thing to you know there's certain
words and certain things it's not even
the content necessarily it's just those
words that sort of set people's censors
off well there's always gonna be a bunch
of words like that what's really
interesting is what does happen when you
stop people from saying it because it's
kind of counterintuitive because those
words become these forbidden words take
more power it's there's so much more
power if you don't and I don't just I
just don't think you ever get to tell
people that you can't say certain words
they used to be able to say all the time
you know I mean the idea behind those
words is still the same like if you say
to someone you shouldn't say retarded
anymore even though that used to be like
a term that they would use for things
being slower like their growth being
slower their growth was retarded but now
if you even use as a technical term like
in the growth was retarded people get
upset at you yeah don't use that anymore
now that's a forbidden sound even if it
doesn't mean what they think it means
we're talking about a person with Down
syndrome they don't like hearing the R
word yeah
you talked about in your special I
thought was a great bit where you're
like just these sounds from your face
like what do we yeah what are we doing
it's just you're making these different
sounds with your mouth so you're yeah
it's just sounds well it's a it's a
byproduct of speech being a shitty way
to really clearly convey intent and
that's why when someone is good at
speaking their mind we kind of get we
get a real sense of we enjoy it
someone's good at speaking their mind
but if someone sucks at speaking their
mind you know if they're if they're
their clunky at it then it's not
enjoyable you know yeah I agree and
there's too many people that there's no
barrier of entry and we're exposed to a
lot of horseshit very quickly now
whereas like I think back in the day
comedians had time to grow in a club you
know Bob Saget right Bob Saget was like
a dirty fucking filthy comic who ended
up getting on the cleanest television
show ever right the dad you know Danny
Tanner was you know but then you if
there was cell phones out back then he
would have never gotten that gig well I
think he stopped doing stand-up for a
long time because that too right yeah I
think did stand-up while he was doing
that show I might be wrong but if he did
do it maybe did like a and a bridge yeah
you know a pg-13 version or something
yeah you know if I don't know Mads is it
worth it you know is it worth it
censoring I mean I think one day it
seems like the more time goes on the
more words they're sneaking
network television you hear like shit
every now and then I think I think
you're allowed to say shit an asshole on
a network show now you know it was like
a big episode once on something you say
shit in my asshole though no you can't
say that you know that's just - you can
call somebody a dick but you can't refer
to your dick that's the idea right yeah
yeah yeah you can call someone a pussy I
think even - which is weird
you know that ones on the way out yeah
that's okay your feminizing a man and
now that's offensive to women fuck you
bitch now that's it I'm calling my buddy
a pussy and you get to take the offense
on that that's some crazy woman shit
that's actually right there that's how
crazy women are it's not how crazy women
are it's how crazy some women are it's
like like some men are fucking crazy -
you're just dealing with a giant number
of people but if people find a little
thing where they can pick on it and go
after it like that
yeah I don't know there's nothing
there's no it's very funny to me there's
no words feminizing that could possibly
offend me that could ever right you know
well some people are just looking for it
man
right I don't actually believe they're
offended though no I don't think so I
think it's like you know what do you see
like like a Puerto Rican kid get himself
worked up and you're gonna fight or is
like what what do you say what I'm
saying he starts to like psychologically
fucking get himself into this brawl
that's what I think people do online all
day they Stoke themselves up they don't
really care nobody actually if they
really gave a fuck they would go out and
do something well I think a lot of them
do care but they're just expressing it
on Twitter or on you know Facebook or
wherever they're doing I think a lot of
them do care but I think that it's fake
caring it's too easy to pretend to care
now that's the problem it's back in the
day enjoy the conflict they enjoy it
you think so I feel shitty I feel so
gross inside when I go back and forth
with somebody we're talking about that
before yeah you feel shitty I don't and
I deal with it a lot being an
entertainer so I imagine when people
deal with back and forth online that
it's sort of a shitty feeling they don't
necessarily want that they sort of want
the accolades for their opinions they do
they want that but they also it's
addictive this the conflict is addictive
it's like you're almost like you're
playing a game you know you're saying
something show you them and they're say
some say
and back to youth chitti and then they
insult you and you insult them and you
post a Google article that refutes their
Google article it's conflict you know
and some look you can get the you can
serum dip dysley is that the right word
yeah serendipitously serendipitously you
could stumble across some brilliant
piece of something on twitter and you
definitely can learn something and you
definitely get some information like
uber flex happens all the time
you can also get sucked into some
abortion debate that eats your life for
next 7 days
yeah and you start trying to figure out
who's right or who's wrong and what what
position to take abortion is one of the
most human subjects in that humans are
so we're so weird in so many ways we're
so unusual and irregular and we don't
we're inconsistent in a lot of the ways
we look at things but the abortion one
is a crazy one you're literally talking
about stopping a human life while it's
inside of a person and then you're
talking about whether or not you have
the decision to tell someone that they
could stop a life inside of their body
and everybody's like that's not what it
is
now stop people try to redefine it in
some strange way like no no it's a
woman's choice it is it is a woman's
choice but what is it a woman's choice
to do yeah to decide whether or not a
life stays in her body and becomes a
person or not and when do you get to
decide when a pretty but this is not a
simple clean thing it's a simple clean
thing in my terms in my mind is in terms
of what I'm able to tell anybody what to
do yeah and I wouldn't want to but if
you just look as a human if someone is
having an abortion and the baby is a
healthy baby that's pretty close to
being born and like when is it okay I
think everybody will think it's okay
what there's like two cells right
there's only two cells or four cells or
they start dividing and but at one point
in time there's a line where you if
there's a side of the woman's body and
also you think about this like whatever
that line is everyone right let's say
you're pro-choice you have a line where
one second ago wasn't okay but this in
this exact second it is okay right which
is sort of fucking crazy in itself you
know so it's like it's crazy in terms of
if you talk about a late-term abortion
well that's just nice yeah how late is
this like what are we saying I mean and
this is this is a terrifying thing for
people this this idea that we can make
these decisions and rationalize them and
decide fourth person whether or not they
should have to raise a child or whether
they can stop it because it hasn't seen
air yet it's such a fucking and you once
you have a kid it changes you everything
because I saw my kids heartbeat every
Puerto Rican instinct I had to have a
baby kicked in I was like we're having
this fucking baby that's that because
when we went to the doctor we weren't a
hundred percent positive we were gonna
keep my son it was it was a debate much
more on her and I was that it really is
Latinos we just fucking want to spread
our seed cuz I really I just it she got
pregnant that was that nice with a
heartbeat and I was like that's a baby
right there I'm watching it's just a
little flickering on a screen but I was
like what do you want to say that's a
heartbeat yeah however you know there's
a lot of there's a there's some crazy
shit I organ stuff attached to it you
know people don't want anybody to
enforce their own religious beliefs as
what abortion is you know and especially
when you're dealing with something
that's like just a week two weeks
whatever it is when they like people
think of it as just a cluster cells like
why is it so bad to stop this in its
tracks I mean by the way I also think of
it as a cluster of cells and if I had to
put myself into a category I would put
myself into the pro-choice category I'm
it's I think we need to decide for first
of all men can't get pregnant men can
get pregnant I used to have a joke about
the you you'd be able to get an abortion
on your phone literally yeah app I just
had this bit about because it's true if
men were like really how to cold pull
out your phone go fuck this kid my kid
this is too annoying nothing along with
that yeah it's not that we should be
able to tell a woman whether or not she
can hurt you can't do it it's just
looking at it for what it actually is no
I don't think we have any right to tell
a woman what you can or can't do but
looking at it for what it is it mean it
is not a clean
it's a strange thing and it's why I say
it's one of the most human things
because it's it's what other animals
don't have that choice yeah you can't
deny my I had a cat when I was 11 and it
was just we were garbage so she like
fucked her son so she had a bunch of
retarded cats with backwards legs and I
watched my cat eat those kittens so it's
yeah it's pretty human the debate it
would've been a conversation with humans
yeah I've seen that that animals do that
I had a hamster that did that one she
ate her babies and we were like what the
fuck Joyce this hamster
no she's that's not a pro-choice right
choice to eat their babies she she
carved a hole out of this baby's head
and she was chewing on it we looked in I
never thought of that hamster the same
way against the guys are pretty rat that
dirty little thing killed its baby yeah
what in the hell they get some sort of a
disease apparently and if they get that
disease they'll often just kill their
babies hamsters there's a regular dude
it was rough we were a little too we
were like six seven you know sister
really it's an awful way to learn about
death we're so happy that they had
babies like oh my god it's gonna be a
little thing by the way baby hamsters
are the-- they look like little fingers
they're just cute and pink and they're
just fucking their eyes are closed and
yeah it's like wet tail I think is the
disease I think that's what it was
called yeah I know she had yeah you know
I don't remember where we got our pet
store or some shit
yeah I don't any of those pets I don't
know guys it is looking up an article
about it and it just says that like
especially in first-time mother stress
and fear associated with rearing the
babies can be too much to handle
so she just kills them all it's a lot
with the animals dogs cats they kill
their babies they eat them sometimes
woof the most fucked up wants bears
because bears they'll go into dens
looking for babies the other babies oh
yeah well the Predators you watch this
predator shows we're like a long you
know a bunch of fucking hyenas throw
looking like a baby and hand elope yeah
but baby bears like bears eat bears Oh
bears he bears yeah cannibals the little
Cubs Oh eat the shit out of Oh No sad
and bear death seems pretty horrific I
never even saw that movie the revenant
not another the revenant where like
their parents almost brutal scene
there's a fake one you can see Grizzly
Man they have the video of him getting
eaten no no no no grizzly man disappears
a gay guy that moves to Alaska to to
save the Bears and one of them eats him
and his girlfriend it is a crazy film
yeah it's a Werner Herzog documentary
it's unintentional comedy I mean it's I
think the way it's edited he had to know
there's a certain point in time where
it's like obvious comedic timing right
he added it seemed like a lot of it was
tongue-in-cheek but it's about a really
crazy guy Timothy Treadwell who was
lived with the Bears for like hundreds
and hundreds of days you know and had
all this video footage of him like
really close to big giant grizzly bears
I know the story and it was like I
actually ate them yeah I became a sort
of a meme they'll do that eventually
you're gonna run into a bear that's like
a you know I delete the fuck out of
YouTube yeah it's a great documentary
I'd love to watch it I am embarrassed
there's there's video of there's maybe
the guy at like a Russian Zoo who jumps
into the bear cage and there's just
video of this bear eating this in half
and it's just it looks it looks every
bit like the most horrible thing in the
world like that is the way that I don't
want to go people talk about how would
you want to go it's like I know how I
don't want to go is being eaten alive by
a bear because they will eat you guts
first you know you'll still be alive let
me tear in your guts part yeah they're
so big like a grizzly a grizzly bit its
we don't even understand how big that is
like a 900-pound Superdog you know not
imagine a 900 pound dog that wants to
kill you that's bear I get very scared
cuz you you know I know you run with
your dog in the hills have you that'll
go for cats yeah shit have you deal with
any of that shit no I was run with a
knife though just in case you heard the
story about the guy because it was the
rumor a couple years ago about how you
choked out a cougar or whatever was like
a mountain
and that was the guy who did in Colorado
you killed one time I was a baby yeah
Bryan Callen and Brenda shot was
shitting all over that guy they called
it like Rinella was saying it was 85
pounds and I was saying I heard he was
85 pounds and then Jamie googled it and
he found 35 pounds I was like girl
that's not as impressive yeah and then
another sandwich it still fucked him up
about the cat still like he was so fond
shopton yeah he's not crazy that a baby
cat would think that he could kill a
grown person
imagine being something that cocky like
you with your face running up to like a
giraffe and go oh I got this fan thing
I'm just gonna jump on the trafficker I
could kill a giraffe you think so
I don't think you could oh this bears
just mauling this guy did it kill him
that was Cubs former training partner
Jesus Christ it doesn't always go well
oh my god it's tearing them apart okay
stop Jamie stop this did the guy die
I must have yeah it doesn't look like
it's gonna end well
he left Wow oh my god
bears probably never killed anything
before probably just been eating meat
that they gave it to he's probably what
do I do with you he's bad at killings he
was just doing it longer and more
painfully it's like being stabbed with a
butter knife they said its condition
yesterday was said to be comfortable Oh
head and leg injuries yeah
he's got a story now go on tour yeah you
think so yeah Charles yeah did weeks
yeah if the a bear attack happens guys
preparing to start really it's not gonna
freeze in his tracks Bert Kreischer had
that story there'd be a whole other
fucking special it would be another 45
minutes
the machine versus the bear yeah the
machine I can see it now he might have
to write something do we gotta wrap this
up it's 3:00 Graham that was fun
so tell people one more time where they
can get you special I can get ever
itunes google play amazon and directly
from our website gasps Digital Network
calm and you are is it Gomez comedy on
Instagram Gomez coming to Instagram
Lucia Gomez on Twitter
Mia listen to the pods I get a few pods
they did one with this ping as well I'll
call it believe you me right all right
beautiful man thank you thanks dad bye
everybody
nice pondered
[Applause]
[Music]